Amanda baked cookies and will bring Jerry some tomorrow.
Olivia and Olivier are voting for liberals in this election.
Kim may try the pomodoro technique recommended by Tim to get more stuff done.
Edward thinks he is in love with Bella. Rachel wants Edward to open his door. Rachel is outside.
Sam is confused, because he overheard Rick complaining about him as a roommate. Naomi thinks Sam should talk to Rick. Sam is not sure what to do.
Wyatt reminds Neville his wedding anniversary is on the 17th of September. Neville's wife is upset and it might be because Neville forgot about their anniversary.
John didn't show up for class due to some work issues with his boss. Cassandra, his teacher told him which exercises to do, and which chapter to study. They are going to meet up for a beer sometime this week after class.
Sarah sends James an instrumental song he might like. James knows the song. The brain connects the songs to the context they were played in and brings to mind the associated memories.
Noah wants to meet, he quit his job, because his boss was a dick.
Matt invites Agnes for a date to get to know each other better. They'll go to the Georgian restaurant in Kazimierz on Saturday at 6 pm, and he'll pick her up on the way to the place.
Demi got promoted. She will celebrate that with Lucas at Death & Co at 10 pm.
Mark just shipped the goods and he will send George the tracking number tomorrow.
Anita is at Bologna station.
Arthur is still unemployed. Leon sends him a job offer for junior project manager position. Arthur is interested.
Macca has done ice climbing for the first time today, close to Reykjavik. He enjoyed it very much.
Isabella feels bad after the Christmas party. She got drunk. She is ashamed to go back to work.
Lucy owes Tina 50 dollars. She made a transfer but it is Sunday so the payment will be on Tina's account on Monday. Tina needs the money because she has been having expanses recently.
Betty feels remorse she got drunk last night and went out of control.
Mike and Mary are going to visit Mike's grandma tonight. Mary will buy her some chocolate.
Laura will pick up Kim from work around 7, and they will come back home together.
Erin is convinced by Ashley's book recommendations, while Seamus and Marcus aren't.
Aria has just run into Charlie Evans. He is now married, with two daughters, and a family business. She has also met Cooper Roy from high school. She used to have a crush on him, now she almost didn't recognise him. Maverick and Aria miss the old times and think the world has changed for the worse.
Omenah is at home, Anna will be there in a minute.
Layla the dog misses Rachel. She is having a knee surgery, because of arthritis. Renee sends a picture of her dog. Rachel getting settled and she's looking for a job in teaching.
Jonas will be 10 minutes late. Natalie will let Mary know Jonas will present before she starts.
Lawrence doesn't like the play of Manchester United. He and Julius complain about the team and Mourinho's style.
The trip Wayne was going to go on was postponed. Now Jade will be able to go to.
Jason is going to Thailand next week. Natalie will send him pictures of the spices she wants him to buy for her. Then she will remind him about it in two weeks.
Elisa, Sadie, Carol, Liam, Tom and John want to go for drinks tonight at Mombasa. Arthur will come with Alice. Kai will join them around 8. Elisa will book the big corner table for 15 people.
Amy and Hal will have dinner together when he is back home before 7.
Ray's bike was stolen from the 9th street yesterday even though it was secured. It was a custom bike so now Ray's out few grand. Ray wants to post posters in the area so they'll get scared and leave it somewhere. Luke had one stolen last month from the same area. Sam wants to help out.
Eric wants to bet during the Champions League this year although he lost a lot of money last year. Curtis won't bet.
Chandler will pay for his coffee tomorrow.
Karen looked very good on her 5th anniversary dinner with Mark.
Ted, Jake, Pia, Jessica and Jess are having a reunion this Friday at the same place as the previous one.
Julianna tells Bradley about Europe's law and the approach towards pedophiles.
Lucia needs a new hairstyle due to a change of work and she makes an appointment with Eric for Friday 3 p.m.
Gabriella asked Jasmine to check her CV which is in English. She's applying for a perfect job. Jasmine checked it and did only minor corrections. She hopes Gabriella will get the job.
Grace saw Ruth in Galitos but she thought it would be embarassing to get in and greet her. They will meet tomorrow.
Stella wants to see the apartment in the morning. She plans to split it into 2 apartments.
Andrea must correct 50% of 20 short texts for an online shop. She has a deadline in two weeks. Sondra cannot help Andrea, because her cat is dying and nanny's leaving. Jill also cannot help. Sondra will probably have only one free evening in March and more free time probably in June.
Charles will go with Victor to the museum tonight. There is an opening of an exhibition about cubism. There'll be food, music and VIPs.
Elizabeth had an argument with Blackett today, but she doesn't want William to intermeddle.
Henry and Lily take William with them to Riehen. They will meet with him for a coffee before they start, and eat a meal together afterwards.
According to Brian, colors that match Linda's personality are yellow and grey.
Jimmy is going to take medication for a month to cure his acute gastritis.
Peter will be back home in 2 days. Mary would like to go on a date when he gets back.
Neither Francesca nor Jacob can sleep. Jacob has suicidal thoughts.
Ted has twisted his ankle.
Julie recommends the GlamRock cream from the GlamShop. Chloe got the money early so she can pay back Julie. Julie and Jake are getting the dog so they need the money for extra dog-related expenses.
Teddy has a message from Pitt on Messenger.
Mary didn't come to Nick's birthday party. She met an architect named Kirk. Mary and Nick will meet in the evening.
Connor will not attend the meeting, he has to rest. Isaiah never wanted to go.
Samara bought the dress she had at the wedding in an online shop and she was happy when she discovered it.
Mary, Kate, Peter and John want various items for Christmas. Gabi wants a surprise. Jack is unsure what he wants. Jack should let the rest know within a week.
Jeff will double check Mindy's reaction, connected to her involvement in phase one of the project.
Client informs Flix about a 40 minutes delay of the bus from Radom to Warsaw. Flix explains that this is an operational delay. Client decides to make a formal complaint as it wasn't the first such delay.
Jeff, Ann, Corina, and Maria are going to hike tomorrow. Jeff reminds everyone to take good shoes, because they are going to walk over 20 km. Jeff, Ann, Corina, and Maria will take a bus on the way back at 5 PM.
Joyce and Andrew are running late. Carla and Anette are on their way. Helen is at a table by one of the windows at the front.
Mia hasn't subscribed to Aiden's channel yet but she wants to. Aiden has been working on it for 6 months.
Oli, Jacob and Marcia have to prepare for a very hard statistics exam. Last year, people had only one minute to answer each question and then it disappeared.
Blake believes that Alexis is trying to turn their son, Steven, against him and has bad influence on Steven. Alexis believes Blake is self-centered and often attacks her and accuses her of things she didn't do.
Roberta found Makoto's dress and will send it to Makoto on Friday.
When Eleanor meets Sawyer, she will be wearing a slightly transparent black robe. Sawyer would like Eleanor to take a picture of herself in the robe, but the transparency is not visible on photos.
Sam will be 30 minutes late. Sandra and Staś will start without Sam.
Sam got her first credit card.
James's girlfriend made him put the trash bin near the kitchen window outside so she can throw things out of the window.
To Christopher's frustration, Matthew, Andrew and David refuse to go abroad for the weekend.
Francine and Jessie talked yesterday. The talk has been helpful for Jessie. Francine says she's always there for Jessie. Jessie is very thankful.
Maria has cooked a lot of food. Andrew will bring some Italian wine.
Richard took Hannah's parking spot again. Anne saw it.
Sophie doesn't know what to buy for a gift. She wants Monica's help. She is considering buying a day spa gift card. Monica is bad at buying gifts.
Nicki is going to sing the anthem at the game.
Christmas is coming. Chloe will buy Carter new socks as he wears them unmatched. Victoria bought herself a new piece of gold equipment.
Ammalee sent Maryann a photo of her nails that lasted over a month. Maryann will try Acrylic instead Linen on Ammalee's nails next time. Ammalee will send Maryann a photo of a design that she would like to have on her nails.
Alan is making his famous chicken wings and would like Joan to be home by 7. Joan won't make it as she is studying with Laura.
Johny wants to go out clubbing with Luke in order to meet a female partner. Luke has plans but he advises Johny to install Tinder. Luke critisizes Johny for speaking about women without much respect.
Rosie is on her way to meet Frank and will have to find him at Sports Direct.
Kyle reminds Patrick about their math homework for tomorrow.
Ellen and Paul are doing the redecoration and it takes a lot of time. They want to finish it by Christmas but workers are permanently late. Kate is looking forward for the housewarming party.
Paola and her friends are going to the theatre El Rincón de Sánchez on Friday. They are going to see a play about Serbian family just after the war in Yugoslavia. Nicola and Austin will go to the theatre together. They will eat empanadas on their way.
Vincent and Charlotte are studying in the cloister today. Harriet and Ben will go to the library.
Stu is on channel 6 now.
Jessie and Leo will hang out at the weekend, but Jessie has to come up with a place first.
Irma doesn't play tennis. John and Irma will enroll in tennis class at the community center.
Jack has to find Olivia in carriage 3, because she has their tickets.
Lionel is in a meeting and can't talk.
Will gived Rob the number of the car mechanic who fixed Will's father's car.
Andrew, Nicky and Rick had a hard week at work. They just want to rest and do nothing. Andrew has a new project next month, and now he just wants to sleep and see kids.
Olivia doesn't know how to caption the photo she wants to put on Instagram. Taylor gives Olivia some hints.
Ian and John will meet at St. Monica at 8.00.
Ali is coming to Kane to get the hard drive.
It's snowing outside.
Ava doesn't want to talk to Greg any more and she's blocking him on Facebook.
During early lunchtime, Shelly will come to Porter to take a look at wool fall coats which have arrived today.
Connor is looking for a playlist from the Berlin concert. Kyle directs him to the band's official Twitter account.
Jeniffer and Brooke're in New York now. They've been also to Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The thing Jeniffer likes the most in America is diversity while in Brooke's opinion it's urban splendor.
Max is sorry about his behaviour so wants to meet up with Lucas and Mason. Lucas will let him know.
O'Neill is worried about not having heard from Ted. Ted is fine and is going to send a photo later.
It's getting cooler in Poland, because winter is coming. Justin hasn't seen the last episode of Game of Thrones yet.
Sandra is setting into the new house; her family is happy with it. Then Sandra and Gabby discuss the nature of their men and laugh about their habit of spending time in the garage or a shed.
Nina will join Tim and Alice in the main room.
Esme is furious about Jason not inviting her to the party. Summer can't understand his behavior.
Mike will repay the money he owes Jake on the 8th. Mike had to pay the rent so he borrowed money from his parents.
Roger can do as many rows of tile in a day as he wants. He should make a level ledger, mark a center line and do the bottom row when the ledger row dries.
Angelina and Jennifer will go to see "First Man on the Moon" on Friday around 7-8 PM at Cinema City Arkadia.
James will buy a set of forks at IKEA on John's request.
Sue's mum got back home yesterday after a difficult journey and is still recovering. Sue will think of organising a party later on.
Daniel moved in about two hours but has been cleaning for two days.
One of the meetings was cancelled and Frances is at Strawberry Café.
Frank saw Rick leaving the office. Rick had to deal with private matters. He will work during lunch break today.
Joe, Tim and Jack are watching 'The Millionaire'.
Pat and Lucy will meet at 5.25 for the bus. Laura likes Pat's outfit and will show hers later on.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came, but it was a drill.
Nancy talked to her best friends about the hen party. She will go with Claire on a city break. They are meeting on Sunday at brunch to discuss it.
Leroy should change the settings via "Language and Settings" or "Access with Voice Match" if he wants to use voice recognition on his Pixel 2 when it is blocked.
Leo and Harper will have Grinch any Mary Poppins remake marathon. Harper will bring the popcorn.
James wants to watch a good horror movie. Nick and Ridley recommended watching Rec.
Eleonor, Tasha and Betty agree to meet up in the French place next Sunday. Patricia can't come as the meeting collides with her mother-in-law's birthday.
Richard and Elisabeth are worried by the current rise of nationalist movements.They draw a parallel between the current situation and the 1930s. They ponder on the need for an international movement that would unify people of different nationalities. Otherwise - they fear - there will be war.
At a party, he made a hole in Luke's wall and vomited inside. Someone cooked Luke's expensive sea fish.
Nick and Angela discuss what to buy Pete for his birthday. Angela wants to join a money collection of Sarah to get something bigger. Nicks wants to be posted.
Mat hasn't his presentation with him.
Paul didn't convince Josh to go bungee jumping or skydiving with him next time.
Lea and Jenny are going to eat dinner together on Saturday at 8pm with some other people. Lea will bring a dessert.
Greg is now wearing a cast.
Jessica and Jennifer are going to a party together.
Loreen lost her Internet connection. Melissa and Peter have booked a holiday apartment on Lake Constance for New Year's Eve. Loreen might spend 4 weeks in Cuba. She won't rent a car. Loreen will go down for breakfast soon.
Dorothy tells Lily that Ron messaged her after a previous embarrassing message. They make fun of Ron being drunk.
Rene and Kate will get Karl a gift. Rene will send Kate the money for it.
Amy unknowingly smuggled cocaine in Latin America. She didn't get caught.
Ben and Rafal are meeting in 2.5 hours at the subway exit 9.
Martin and his wife are going to Oslo for Christmas. Tony is visiting parents, and can't go.
John is coming to Jim's party with Marina. He forgot to tell him.
Tereza is waiting with Tony at the main car park. Lorry will be 10 minutes late.
Ruby tossed away the small, red pan, although Sean was still using it.
Kate will meet with Steven in 15 minutes.
It is July 7th and Cindy is looking forward to Monsta-X's new album. Maria knows that this date has been chosen because of Hwi's birthday. He is Cindy's favourite. Maria has left a message on the band's website. Their new song is already on M-net chart.
Lauren hates autumn but Diego doesn't complain.
Dora asks Dad if everyting is ok and it is.
Liz and Jerry will go to Madrid at the end of March. They will spend two nights in Berlin first.
Cohen has just woken up.
Kate can't watch the TV, because it stopped working. Jared will be back in a minute to help her.
Jack likes RDR2 mainly for the narration, acting and the graphics. Jack used to play with cowboy-themed lego sets when he was a child.
Adam has a stomach flu.
Josh is coming to London. He is going to stay at a hotel. He is going to meet Mary at Gary's pub on the weekend. Mary is going to invite John and Lucy as well.
Grayson is going to shave his head.
Cisco has sent Ruth a clip with James Veitch.
Alice dropped her mobile phone into the bath and it's broken.
Louise is already back from her honeymoon, which she enjoyed a lot. Louise and her new husband relaxed and didn't do much during the trip.
Lukass started a new school. Lucass misses Marta and Patty the most. Marta wants erasmus again. Lukass may come to Rybnik by bike, and Marta to Alutus.
Jessica, Mickey, Ollie and Kelly are talking about the scariest places. For Mickey it is Aokigahara Forest in Japan, also called the Suicide Forest. This scares Kelly, but Mickey tries to calm her with the fact that more people commit suicide on the Golden Gate Bridge than in that forest.
Diana and Marcus are grateful for hospitality and breakfasts that Leo and Yadani prepare for them.
Destiny had a fractured arm, but she is now able to prepare new things for her showcase. Destiny will be showing her new collection at the spring art fair this weekend. Brooke will come along.
Lizzy and John were at the opening of Monica's gallery yesterday. Monica gave an interesting speech. Monica and Mark are together.
Harvey won't eat lunch with Darcie as he's got business lunch at 1.
Dave has a lot of work with the report. Sharon requires it to be done by tomorrow as the clients want to deal with it quickly. Sharon can't write the conclusion of the report, as her hairdresser is coming over, so that she looks good at the meeting tomorrow.
Logan likes Daisy's dress and doesn't think it looks like a bathrobe.
Ben's car broke down and he needs to contact uncle Joe, who's an expert in cars. Adam needs to ask Dad for uncle Joe's number. For today, Ben borrowed Rosie's car.
Sara is looking for dinner ideas that would take Daniel's lactose intolerance into consideration. Ana will bring dessert at her request.
Maria will send Ann Marie the receipt for the airbnb in Boston, because Ann Marie wants the university to reimburse her travel costs.
Shane recommended Dr. Smith to Peggy, a dentist in Centre clinic.
Danny and Alan will meet in the foyer around 6:30.
Lee just got a new mechanical keyboard.
Vicky will call Sonia to entertain her as she's bored.
Dan and Arabella will meet at the main gate of Jesus College. Matteo overslept, so he will come straight to the station. Arabella will give him some food.
Sixx and Lucy are going to see at deli style cafe on Sandy Park Road around 4 pm.
Fan will turn down the music at Sam's request.
Faith will meet Kai 4.30 at the railway station. Faith will take the underground train to get to the airport.
Francesca is being released from hospital. She is off tommorow, but working on Monday from 3pm.
Aston and Mona are going to Japan in 3 months.  Mona owes Aston 600 euros for the tickets. She will transfer the amount.
Mandy and Jordan are thinking about admitting their son to primary school. Jordan will call Alex to find out his opinion and they will discuss later.
Julia's taking the quiz at the moment.
Lily finds the place recommended to Jessie by her friend nice. Lily offers to call and ask about the price they expect for 30 people there.
At the weekend Ron is going to an art exhibition where his pictures are going to be displayed.
Ethan congratulates Lilly on her baby boy. The baby's name is not yet decided.
Jim and Tim are sharing a ride to work today. Jim will pick Tim up in 15 min.
Cady will take a personal pizza with pepperoni and Italian sausage and also a soft drink for Aaron.
Katarina wants to rent a flat from Liz. She will come visit it today after 6 pm.
Cora, Kaylee and Lydia are going to a spa. Kaylee pays for everything.
Roger left Fiona for Mandy, who is a model. Fiona broke into his FB account. She is devastated.
It's to late for Melanie to join because everyone is going home in an hour.
Ford will pick up Gary and Gerard at 6.30 to go to the party.
Charles wants to form a band and involve Martin as a singer, himself as a drummer and Daniel as a guitarist.
Peter is waiting for Liam and Jenny. They'll be late, because they had a little accident. They are OK.
Noah and Sebastian are concerned about the consequences of the US withdrawing from the Nuclear Weapon Treaty.
Dave is attending his aunt's brother funeral today.
Lillian cannot find a dress for the wedding. Samantha also had problems but found one.
It's Saturday today and breakfast is from 8 to 10. Henry has the timings. Dylan is hungry at 6 AM.
Lisa is holding seats for Luck and Hugh.
Elise found Jim's dog in the forest. She will bring him home and take care of him until 4 pm.
Thea has got fever and sore throat, and according to the doctor it's tonsillitis, so she won't be back in the office too soon. Benjamin needs to drag the project on his own, but he'll ask Mr. Robinson if they could make a short break.
Kasia and Jan are in Westfjords. Kasia, Jan, Kate and Michael think that Westfjords is beautiful. Icelandic horses have 5 gaits.
Sam and Lillian will give Marco the exam pass. Marco is a good student. Lillian will remind Marco to pay the balance as soon as possible.
Tom and the other people are waiting for Christie at the cinema. Christie is almost there, stuck in traffic, due to accident.
Jess wants to go to a concert but the tickets are sold out.
Arlene invited Judy, Judith and Clara to her birthday party.
Susannah will come this evening and stay with Liz from 7 to 11pm, while Eva is with James.
Dad spent his anniversary at Niagara-on-the-Lake on Sunday. His back is acting up so he went to see a doctor today and was prescribed medications. Bobby used to exercise and take painkillers to help with his back. He will pass the information about the book to Dad tomorrow.
Alex will team up with Laura in a a Pokemon raid. Alex will see Laura today at 5 pm under the clock at Central Station.
Rachel wishes a happy new year from her and Tom to Miranda and Jack. Rachel is having the best time but misses Miranda and Jack.
Bobby watched the episode of I'm a Celeb. Eva missed it. Bobby updates Eva on what happened.
Daniel will let David know about free slots at the weekend.
Frederic's Monday sucks. Alma hates Mondays too.
Kurt sends his son Ron 50 dollars.
Ali has invited Lucie to visit him in Senegal. Jana, Stefan with daughters and Ali's daughter are coming to stay from 30 March to 12 April. Ali tells Lucie to bring toothpaste with her. Lucie had a car accident.
Nicole is a bit stressed, as she will have a job interview in Publicis. Nicole and Sophia will meet tomorrow later because of the interview.
Mark is free to talk until 3.45 but he can't reach Marilyn.
Julia and Ava will go for karaoke Friday night. Julia will tell the rest and Ava will make a reservation.
Nobody has picked up the prints yet, but John will do it later today.
Renee and Sue can't stand her and think she's extremely ugly.
Aurora told Isabela that her fall on a slippery floor at her cousin's wedding last February was immortalized on a photo. As she didn't really enjoy the wedding, the accident made it more fun, but overall she is happy that nothing particularly serious happened to her.
Maja is new so needs some information from Kimberley as they are in the same group.
Fran bought a nice jacket. Brianna and Fran are going to have a picnic in February in the same place they went to last year.
Serge's monthly bank transfer to Théo was made late, so he'll make a late rent payment to his landlord. The landlord shouldn't be angry about it given previous timely payments.
Nathan is going to the pool. David doesn't want to because of the rain.
Luke will bring the barbecue set. Gregory will bring some beers for himself for the barbecue.
Ashley finished their group work. Angie will do the editing. Ashley will send Angie the soft copy.
Josh wants to propose to his girlfriend next month. It's their third anniversary. Monica will get the right ring measure for him this weekend.
Daniel wants to cancel a meeting tomorrow. He has some family stuff. He will let Henry know when they can meet.
Phoebe's ex-boyfriend is working with Joane's husband's best friend. Phoebe doesn't have a problem with that as they split up on good terms.
Tomorrow after lunch Astrid will meet with Mr Martin to talk about her essay. .
Richard suspects his girlfriend is cheating on him because of her emotional distance. Matt has once accused his girlfriend of cheating, when in reality she was throwing him a surprise birthday party. Richard will talk to his girlfriend as Matt advises.
Paulina is doing her homework, and it's not too easy.
The canteen staff will not offer made-to-order food to cut costs. Wendy will put out a memo about it.
Sharol is going to go to the beach with Emma, anna, emily, wendy and kate. Sharol is afraid that wendy doesn't like her.
Joanna and Daniel are invited to two parties on Friday night. On Saturday night they will go grocery shopping, and then they have late lunch with Daniel's parents. On the same day, they also need to clean and in the evening they are going to the theatre.
Wanda has lost her metro pass. Now she's waiting in line to make a new one. After she's done, she and Zoe will meet for a coffee.
Raquel and Laura have a cold. Laura's boyfriend is taking care of her.
Holly has a job interview but the washing maching broke, so James will come home asap.
Riley is turning down the volume on Daniel's request.
Mike and Angie are hungover after a party.
Ayehsa has started jogging.
Viola has a new job. Now she's learning about the company's system in procedure. The people at her work are helpful.
Dan will buy carrot, milk and fruit.
Trudy needs someone to double-check her statistical results and asks Janice to do this. Janice recommends Amy. Trudy is not comfortable with asking Amy as they don't know each other that well. Amy, however, can do that for a fee.
Aaron made Christmas shopping at the mall full of kids waiting in a long line to see Santa. Aaron has got all he needed, but Shirl hasn't got any gifts yet.
Ted keeps sending Kris pictures and videos of cats.
Eric is happy about the French who accepted the offer. Ian is enthusiastic but Adrian isn't. Grace is looking forward to meeting him but Gabriella isn't sure about it.
Hannah and Nata are going shopping together on Saturday.
Brian's interview didn't go well but he wouldn't like to work there anyway.
Jake is with Susan's mother now. He will be back on Saturday after lunch. Kyle is free on Sunday and wants to meet Jake. Jake agrees. He will tell Kyle if he's free, this afternoon.
Bill thinks that Richard is lazy and makes poor life choices recently. Richard is Bill's little brother. Richard gets money from his parents. Richard doesn't want to talk about his choices.
Keith learnt from Suji that the lecture room was switched from 102 to 210.
Carla is teaching a class of 7 today. She will be absent 6-12 December. She can teach on the 22nd but not 29th. Mona has to confirm January 2nd classes.
There's a meeting with clients today at 11 AM. Jim has prepared the presentation.
Fanny is very upset with Jay oversleeping on the day of the big meeting. Everybody is waiting and Jay is rushing over.
Ryan and Irma are going to the movies tonight instead of meeting Isabelle as promised. Ryan will be leaving for London soon and wants to spend time with Irma.
Nate and Julien have both arrived in the agreed meeting place and they are trying to find each other.
Helen has this week off work. She plans to cook Tagine, but she doesn't have ingredients. Ralph's coming back at 7 pm.
There is a new computer game in which you live the life of a slice of bread. Liam and Matt can't believe it's true.
South Sudan is the youngest country in the world.
Laura is coming to the June Ball. She already has 2 tickets.
Jason jumped off the stage yesterday where he was crowdfunding for his new band. He landed on a big biker guy who liked his behaviour. The bike invited the biker on stage where they all got drunk after the concert. After the show, Jason kicked a dog and it bit his leg.
Leon finished his work earlier. He will pick up Millie from school at 4 p.m. and make chicken thighs and potatoes for dinner.
Melissa is stressed before an exam on Monday.
Clara has an interview in PwC tomorrow. She doesn't have anything formal to wear. She's size 36. Sophie will lend her a jacket. Clara will go to Sophie's place to try it.
Ruby suggests a dish for Lisa to cook but she doesn't have the necessary ingredients.
Papa is leaving on Wednesday. Papa will meet with Lawrence, Anna and Pat on Sunday for a brunch in Schlosscafe around 12. Lawrence will visit Papa tonight. Papa will prepare something to eat for him.
According to Maya, Ligh Lunch catering is the best food service so far.
Ed and Steve are going to get some coffee in 3 minutes. Monica wants one too but Patty doesn't want one.
Tyler will bring Anna cold coffee in 10 minutes.
Snape wants to be in the group for robotics project with Eva. She agreed to that.
Kira bought a new bed this weekend at a new shop near her house.
Taylor wants to go to a rock concert with Valerie. She agreed to go with Taylor.
Jimmy will watch a movie with Jake after class on Friday. Dom needs to help out his mom, so he cannot join Jimmy and Jake.
Mike's favourite Avenger is the Black Panther. Harrison's - Captain America.
Karen had a presentation. Peter and Ashley participated and liked it.
If Betty and Daria win the contest, they will go to Thailand.
The payday is tomorrow. Holly is broke.
Eloise needs a new phone, but not iPhone, something less expensive. Miles recommends a phone, Eloise thinks it's promising, Sheldon recommends Nokia.
Charlie has just achieved his highest score of 152374, which is almost 25000 more than the previous one. It took him around 15 attempts. He needs to do this homework not to anger his parents.
Laura will come to Daniel at 22. Daniel will be waiting for her with wine.
Ginger wants to borrow Willow's falsies but Willow says no.
Walker was in hospital during class time.
Kamil, Thomas with his girlfriend, Godek and Prosty with his girl are going bowling tomorrow at 8 p.m. at the same place as the last time.
Liz has to study this weekend but finds time to go to the cinema, go shopping and have a pizza with Liz on Saturday. The movie starts at 1 p.m.
Tim has HIV. Peter and Laura are very supportive.
There will be a remake of 'Pet Sematary' by Stephen King. Coleen is a fan of horrors. Coleen and Glenn watched 'Friday the 13th' together and Glenn hated it.
Paul and Ashley are going to buy Christmas gifts for Ashley's family. They meet near the Queens Place Mall at around 4.
Miley lives in Connecticut. Joan had a boyfriend from Connecticut.
Sarah is stressed out all the time. James warned her of the dangers of long-term stress. James wants to help Sarah.
Mica praises Andy's book review. Mica is going to post the review on the website on Tuesday then let Andy know. They expect it to be popular.
Jay is waiting for Kale by the Washroom.
Jacob is stuck in traffic and will be late to hear Becky sing.
Kyle, Kian and Jodie agree to watch the game in a bar at Kendall Sq. The match starts at 8 o'clock.
Anna likes Zoe's C&A dress.
Theo has pizza, May will be there in 5 with cash.
Lucas invites Ivy to a concert in a pub at 7. Ivy cannot stay long but will join Lucas.
David is landing in Sevilla instead of Jerez at 17:30 as it was too expensive. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Joseph has a surprise for Sara.
Peter will pick up the invitation to the New Year's party at the office tomorrow by 5 pm.
Brad and Claudia met at the conference. Brad liked Claudia's presentation and wants to know the sources she used.
Yasmin, Paris, Daphne, Cam and Xana were at a great party tonight.
Hugh doesn't want to send Lolita a selfie because she is too young.
Adam has a problem with using Baron, because Yahoo introduced a new rule five years ago. He asks Charlie for help. Charlie helps Adam.
Justin borrowed Duncan's yellow bow tie.
Jimmy sent pictures he took today to Barbara on her request.
Jess picked up her dress. Morgan and Lona weren't available. Hillary called the dress shop. Lona and Morgan will have to pick up their dresses on the other side of town.
Monika's son Paweł and Keith's daughter Sophie were going to school together. Paweł used to hit Sophie, because he liked her. Sophie hit Paweł back once and broke his glasses. Keith refused to pay for Paweł's glasses. Sophie is in Croatia now for holidays.
John and May recommended Freddie to watch Versailles and How to Get Away With Murder.
Tom really liked the museum Mary recommended to him in Dumbo. He got in for free using his student card.
Veronica left school early today because of her period.
Ruby wants to meet someone online. Grace's sister met her boyfriend online. Grace will help Ruby to set up her online profile.
Rosie doesn't feel she's ready for the exam, but she can't study anymore. She'll go to bed and rest.
Mateos has finished school and has to leave. Connor and Mateos will miss each other.
Warren offers Raphael to go and see Ben's band tonight. Raphael refuses as his own band is playing at the German-American club this evening. It's the 4th time they'll be playing 5 or 6 of their songs there.
They gossip about the Royals. They have a preference for Harry and Meg over William and Kate.
Kailynn is so badly sunburned, that some parts of her skin hurt when touched.
Julia doesn't respond on messanger. Caroline gives Jane Julia's phone number.
Claire is going home by bus. She will be in Brussels around midnight. Patrick is going home soon.
Jenny will take the dogs out. Kim will be home by 7. Jenny will prepare some tea.
Fiona is at a conference. She'll be coming back soon. Adam is smoking grass and playing Dark Souls. He will prepare a nice supper when Fiona comes back.
Lily is congratulating Peter and his team on their victory in a match. Peter's team earned championship.
Wayne asks Jason for his password for the company shared folder.
Trudy is looking for a decent and cheap dry cleaner's. She needs to have her leather jacket cleaned after her cat peed on it. Swiss Dry Cleaners are good, but slow. Penguin are further away but fast.
Robert criticizes Sandberg for using me too movement for her own profit, Sophie criticizes her for being money oriented, Misty admits she doesn't like her but for no particular reason. Michelle explains fearism. Carole talks about white feminism issues, and ignoring structural issues.
Lucas and Anna wanted to join Miranda on her 3-day trip in London, but the flights were sold out.
Macy needs glittery shoes for the new year's eve so she's going shopping with Libby tomorrow.
Ann is thinking about moving to Canada next year. Tony recommends Ann to follow the crazy craving and move to Vancouver.
Jessica is on a 2 weeks leave. According to Will she is overtired with work. Paula will text her.
Mary, Tim and Liam are hiking tomorrow in the Jandia Peninsula. They'll start at 12. Marion has done all the hikes on the island. She'll meet them later in Morro Jable. They will write her when they finish.
John will pick up Tia from school because Ann won't be able to.
Jeff is not going to the conference in SF. The flight is expensive.
Neil sends Jerry a photo from their trip to China. Jerry and Neil wish to repeat the trip.
Andy needs his parents to receive his parcel today. He tries to lie to Mrs Pink that he bought school supplies but admits he ordered 50$ worth of games. Mrs Pink doesn't mind him buying games as long is it is out of his own pocket.
Patty isn't going to the concert tonight. The concert has been organized by Pola and other people from their project. Patty will try to stay longer at the second day of the conference tomorrow.
Mary is running out of yerba mate and wants to buy it next week. It can be bought in the international supermarket.
Brad send Suzy and Dana a picture of new kindergarten. Suzy loves the design. Dana doesn't like lack of trees, she think kids could use some variety in their environment. For Suzy and Brad the kindergarten's proximity to work is most important.
Lucia doesn't want to go to karaoke with Candace, because she hates her.
Pedro got promoted.
Josh's flight is delayed, so he won't arrive before midnight. Tom will call him a cab once he's landed, which is cheaper than Uber.
Lauren is going to NYC for the first time. She's preparing for the journey. Adam and Lauren will go to the Museum of the City of New York.
Miranda sends Michalis and Linda a link with the hall menus for this term.
Mike is waiting for Carl. Carl is still on boat, there's a delay due to the storm and they have problems to get to the harbor.
They dislike Miss Smith because she is a demanding teacher. Gracie likes her.
Shannon sends Karen and Lucy a video of Jackie.
Mary, Frank and Anne will teach children to discuss animals in French today.
Julie is going to pick up Maya on the way to the church as Lenny is going with Luke.
Mark asked Adam to give him the address of the hotel he stayed at last summer.
Rafella and Nevaeh are excited about the increasing support for veganism.
Mike and Dora're in some part of Dublin where there're no bars to go when it's raining. They're going to a concert tomorrow but they don't expect to visit any landmarks of Dublin. They don't exclude going to some escape room later tonight.
Gemma will come by Suze's office as she forgot her keys.
Bryson is coming to room 14a. She's about to check the list.
Luisa and Mandy will go to the cinema to watch the film "Glass" at 9. Luisa will pick Mandy up at 8:15.
Babe wants James to wash the car today and leaves the keys on the table.
Tom will cover for Harper who is going to a party and will be back late.
Debra, Lois and Miranda are looking for an apartment to rent together. Debra found one apartment, with the electricity bill in the amount of $100/month and $500 deposit. She booked a tour of the apartment for Thursday 6 PM. She also found some more offers.
Keira made some handmade jewelry for her boyfriend's mother. She apparently didn't like it too much. Keira publicly called her an ungrateful snob. Her boyfriend, Sean, is really into her. Jess and Paige don't really understand why.
Julian says he's okay and tells Richard to fuck off.
Walter wants to buy home appliances as a gift for his wife, Bab. Jacqui thinks he should buy a silk blouse, chocolates, champagne, or jewellery instead.
Angela is annoyed about "Brangela" jokes in the office. Bradley thinks it's funny. He let out Angela was called Angelina in college.
Sharon wanted to come to class on Friday at 4:30 pm but this time the class was cancelled. She could've come next Wednesday at 5:30 if only she hadn't left Warsaw earlier.
Eli has to sit by her, whereas Char has it even worse as she has to see her in every class.
Emma recommends Mario "I'm in love" movie.
Today Ethan has a date with Dana. They're going to the cinema and to the restaurant.
Jude has left his reading glasses on the table. He will buy a pair at the airport.
Ola is at the doctor's.
Pearl's boyfriend mistreats her but she loves him anyway. Patrick is trying to convince her to leave him. Pearl is fat and ugly, so it's not so easy for her.
Daniel gives Jeff some advice on the Discworld book series. Jeff should start from the first one and read them in order in which they were released.
Mac took Ben's watch to impress Mandy.
John has probably got a job as a teacher in China, after he passed the interview. George will help John to review his contract next week when China one sends it.
He is careless and has been losing things at school.
Miranda, Juliet and Hayley are having a party today.
Magic told the reporters that he was contacted by Simmons for potential mentoring next summer. Since Philly's General Manager didn't allow it, NBA is investigating the issue now.
Barry is taking his car.
Anthony forgot to come to the party last night.
Jimmy's car is broken down. Jimmy will either borrow or buy Carrie's car. Jimmy needs the car as Amy's sister is coming to visit.
Charity wants to know if HOD is in but he has already left.
Mike ordered a big box of fruit.
Gerardo pranked Kate writing a humorous statement about Donald Trump, all in superlatives, from her account. Kate understood the joke. George called Gerardo down.
Ingrid will be waiting for Hal at home at 7 tonight.
Freddie and Charlie are discussing a football game, Freddie's team won, largely thanks to Ronaldo.
Chris ignored Abigail saying "hi". It wasn't the first time it happened.
Sally came back from holiday. Summer is very warm in Britain this year. Sally visited a few different places, did a rowing boat trip and pedalo boat trip. Mitch hit his head on a wooden seat but did not have concussion. Sally wants to meet Tina in the gym next week.
He distanced himself from Jenny. She's going to her therapist next week.
The grocery store is just round the corner past the pharmacy.
Ethan and Vera will meet each other next week.
Jonah wants somebody to pick him up from the airport. He's never been in such a big city and is scared. Molly doesn't understand his fear. Vanessa defends Jonah.
Nathan's going to the pool by himself, David doesn't want to join as it's raining.
Shawn, Misty, Dan, Alex and Olivia will make a pizza. Misty will buy the ingredients. Alex and Olivia do not like takeaway pizza.
Dakota is going to check rental room prices for Macy.
There was a mass shooting in California.
Eric was on a date. They watched a movie, went to a restaurant and then to his flat. They didn't have sex. Eric will introduce his date to Drew at a party next week, if she agrees to come.
Fai and Larry will meet tomorrow before noon at the skatepark. They will make videos for the clip.
Dad will be late tonight.
Rachel is on the train. Alex will feed Birdie.
Joona and Ieva are ill, they won't come to the match this week.
Sam will come to Dan's birthday party. Dan plans to have it at Muprhys at 8, but he has to book a table.
Steve and Nick will meet at 5 PM at Nick's office and go swimming together. Steve will take Nick's stuff from his room. They will go for burgers at a new place afterwards.
Venus failed her practical driving test. Apollo will ask a driving instructor he knows to give her lessons.
Jason and Polly want to do some role play during their sexy time today. Polly will be Jason's dirty nurse.
Agatha is unemployed, she thinks this job was a waste of time. Maggie offers her to call Maggie's recruiter. Agatha and Maggie are going to meet up at Agatha's place at 8pm.
Holly is gonna make waffles.
Gary is going to give Mark and Sue a discount for shopping.
Tom and his wife want to sell their apartment and get a new one. Tom contacts Diana. He describes his expectations. Diana will help him and his wife organize the transactions.
Joseph and Donald believe they need another insurance. Nancy and Chuck disagree. Eventually they abandon the idea.
Emma has bought the red skirt from Aubrey for 30 dollars.
Angelica, Roger and Harriet will help Sue organise this year's Christmas fair. Four children will also be involved as helpers on Roger's suggestion. They are meeting on Monday.
Quentin has had another delivery and is organizing an unboxing at 8 pm tonight. He made an event on Facebook and there will be 7 people. Quentin will do some wine and cheese. Tarquin will be there too. There might be about 200 books. Quentin sold 30 and the rest went into the shop.
It's Sunday. Marcus and Madeline still haven't gotten up from bed.
Kelsey and Saige went to a meeting last night. It was midweek. There were around 10 people there, who were mainly talking to each other. Missy is planning a birthday party.
Steve, Brian, Jane and Charlotte are looking for a new worker from February. Steve will call a guy who's sent them a resume even if they aren't convinced to hire him.
Jon asks Ally to delay the delivery from 12 o'clock to half 1 as he has to be in Bicester at 11. Ally agree.
Jen and Angie are studying for the maths exam which is next Tuesday.
Monica has sent Joanna the chicken recipe she used yesterday.
Shaggy was a freelancer. Maya wants to know more about it.
Polly's looking for an inspiration to redecorate the living room. Susan sent pictures of her eclectic living room. Leah shared a photo of her minimalistic interiors.
Jim will buy Joel two chicken wings.
According to the reviews, the movie is not that good.
Martin is going to Lisbon this weekend for 4 days. He will get Alex a bottle of dry vermouth.
Dean tells James about the Shakespeare Project. One of the writers recreating Shakespeare's works is Jo Nesbo James really likes.
Dwayne is frustrated that British people are snobby and keep talking about the origin of the English language.
EA has cancelled its Star Wars game. Kevin and Bert do not like EA and Disney. They are going to watch the three original Star Wars films at the weekend.
Sonia is unhappy she has to work today until 4.30. She will meet Julia for coffee at Henry's at 5. Julia wants them to have a window seat.
Jennifer is graduating this year. William is graduating next year. He needs to retake some classes to get into Law.
Miles needs a mechanic's help with the automatic transition in his car. Josh knows a good mechanic, who works at AllForCars in the city center.
Hector, Walker and 3 other people will watch a Champion's League match tonight at 8:45. Hector will bring the snacks. Walker insists that Hector should come an hour earlier.
Linda bought a red dress at King's Cross shopping mall. Rhonda has to get something similar today.
Joseph announced that the winner is Gabriel.
Luana is asking Roy and Tori for opinion.
R.city attended Samantha's solo launch. Samantha will probably see R.city soon.
Dan forgot to buy the drinks and has to go shopping.
Dan saw the doctor because he suspected cancer and his mother died of it. He should do regular check-ups.
Millie is coming home from work around 6 pm. Ava will be waiting for her because she has lost her keys.
Ryanair has changed it's policy. Alicia is traveling to Spain next month. Backpacks in the size accepted by Ryanair have been produced. Alicia and Laura are considering buying them.
Lene's little baby is growing and is the size of a cherry now. She's feeling very emotional, but had no morning sickness. Katrina's baby shower takes place tomorrow and Lene won't be able to go as she has seminars all day. Neither can Marlena as she has lots of deadlines to finish.
Ken's computer is in service. Ken is going to upload some files to the server on Miriam's computer.
Jenny and Lucy are going to a Chinese restaurant to eat. They do not need to book a table. Lucy will be at Jenny's in 15 minutes.
Rebecca, Ben, Harry, Kelly, Anna and Will enjoyed last night.
Irene wants to borrow this blue dress from Lizzy as she has a date with James tonight.
Alba and Drew changed cafÃ©s and went to one called El Pino. The cafÃ© is located 50 m from the old one in the direction of the river. Dani can see Alba and Drew.
George speaks French and translates information about a drug Ursula takes. The drug is for cold. Ursula should take 2 pills per day after lunch and shouldn't take it in the morning.
Ala had her brother over for a weekend. They went to Museum of Polish Vodka.
Miranda will be ready in no more than 10 minutes.
Summer is teaching Erin English. Erin has to cancel on Summer today because she is sick. They will meet on Tuesday before Erin travels home on Thursday.
Ian waits for Adam, who will show up in a couple of minutes.
Helen will come to Sarah at 2:30 today to see the puppies.
Ryan can't come, because his dog isn't eating and he has to take it to the vet.
Lisa has a terrible hangover. She needs painkillers. Amy supposes the pain is caused by the alcohol. She will bring the pills.
Albert and Mary are in Belgrade, but they haven't seen the city yet because they're jet-lagged.
It's -11C at Vesna's place. It's +14C at Ost's place.
Sophie has been crippled with sciatica for the past few days. Charlie will call her from the shop to ask what she needs and he will do shopping for her.
Marilyn, April, Jack and Pauline will meet at Marylin's place to work on a project. They are going to order pizza. Marilyn lives across the street from April.
Matt is leaving for China on Tuesday. He was supposed to go to Mary's wedding with Kelly. She asks Jean to go with her, and he agrees. The wedding will take place on Saturday.
Janet was in court yesterday. Her parents are getting divorced. Neither she nor her sister testified. There's no sentence yet and there will be a mediator. It will probably take a few months. Amy's parents also got divorced.
Felix and Robyn will see each other around 11.
Brenda doesn't like Eddie's new band so doesn't want to go to their concert. Alan will pick her up in 2 hours anyway.
Cara lost all the contacts on her mobile phone.
John has to help his dad fixing a roof in the morning. Charlie will pick him up to go surfing at 14:00 tomorrow. John wants to buy Charlie's board but needs to try it out first. Charlie's boss has been annoying lately. John works with his dad.
Ramona is on holiday in Venice now. Fabian was on Erasmus in Padova, but visited Venice several times. Fabian recommends a pizza place in Venice at Ramona's request. It's raining.
Melissa bought a beautiful and shiny thing.
Tom and John will go to the shopping mall on Tuesday morning to buy a new suit for Tom.
Adrianna went to sleep at 2 and doesn't want to wake up. Declan will come to her in 25 minutes.
Emily will be at Josh's in 2 minutes.
Flyers are playing against The Canucks.
Pam and Sue are doing well. Paula is healthy but had some incidents that she wants to discuss with them.
Kelsie is in Coimbra. She is travelling back to Lisbon. Donte doesn't have faver.
Iris finds the new manageress bossy. Steve claims that the manageress acts as she should act and she's an attractive woman which might be the reason Iris is prejudiced against her. Steve suggests that time will show what kind of boss the manager really is.
Ed invited Tina for dinner. He wants Tom to leave the apartment for some time. He will pay him for it.
Monica's nervous about not being contacted by him. In the end he writes to her.
Sam is Leah's former college student. He likes his university, flat and friends. He lived with some vegans before, but they moved out mid-October. Leah's college is hectic. Sam is working hard, he has 3 deadlines this month and a job at the cinema. He's also an illustrator and designed a book cover.
Waze is consuming batteries really fast.
Nina and Frank have been talking more since they had coffee together. Helen notices they have been more active on Facebook.
Issac will not stop making noise because he has a lot of work to do today.
Katya wishes Marcin happy birthday and Marcin wishes her a happy new year. Zakharovs are sending their regards to Marcin.
Elizabeth found a flight to Mallorca in February. The round-trip ticket costs 30 dollars. Tom is looking for something cheap on airbnb.
Alexander admits Hanna's right.
Tom, Amanda and Alexis are going for a short trip to some thermal baths for the first weekend of January. They're going to rent a car, which should cost them about 30â‚¬ for 5 days.
Ben proposed to Katie. He is trying to keep it a secret for a while. He will talk to Donna later.
Sandra and Ashley are going to meet tomorrow at 7 at the Starbuck at W 45th St to have breakfast and discuss the project. Mark will join them later.
Bruce worried that the dog is gone as the back door was left open. Kate is walking him as she usually does on Mondays.
Martin recommends Witcher 3 Wild Hunt. Greg will buy it.
Hank hasn't yet played the new dontnod game. It's their best game ever according to Frank. Better than Life is Strange. Hank's going to play it all night long now.
Kimberly and Sierra are livid about smokers in public space. Sierra's uncle is still a smoker despite a recently introduced cigarette tax.
George watched a dejan lovren snapchat video where he called Spain players a bunch of pussies
Ken will wait inside as Jude needs 10 more minutes.
Emily wants to learn Spanish. Ryan will help her. He is also learning French.
Dad will wash Taylor's car.
There are some new arrivals in the library, such as the companion about Jewish history.
Amka is doing a lot of student exchanges. Mick isn't going to London due to his grandma's health so he's gonna stay in. Amka never used to do anything for Halloween.
Liz's booked a stay in Laurien in Buxton's cottage starting from Monday. Laurien in Buxton'll share the exact location of the cottage by WhatsApp. The cottage is located 3,6 miles away from the local pub. Once in the pub, Liz should mention Oldhagsboards to the publican to obtain precise directions.
Natalie got into UofT for biochem and Carleton for biomed and both with scholarship, which makes Mom proud of her. They'll celebrate it with champagne this evening.
Jashua sent Gibraiel a link to the game they talked about at school.
Fair woke Play up at 10 am. Play's neighbor left the water running. Play went to bed 2 hours ago as he spent all night trying to stop the flood.
Mike has picked too many apples. Zelda will come over and take some apples for herself and for mom. To keep the extra apples for later, Mike can make apple sauce. Apple sauce can be stored in the freezer. It can be served as a side dish.
Adrien has binge watched the Crown. Max finds it boring.
Alan and Drew are waiting for a decision about the house. Alan feels their offer is better.
Melanie enjoyed last nights episode of True Detective.
Elle quit her job because of some incidents with her boss. She is going to look for a new job.
Kris is looking for podcasts to listen to. Leigh recommends Mark Gungor. Spotify has recently added podcasts to it's service. Kris, Leigh and Sam haven't checked them out yet.
Barry believes in God and follows the teachings of the Bible. Barry extends an invitation to Heather to join the service this Sunday.
Dan will come to Jack to play and his mum will get them mini choc rolls.
Gene will pick up Felicity at 7.30 to watch an Oscar-nominated Polish movie Cold War at 8.
Kim and Mat are going to the new restaurant tonight. They are meeting at 5.30.
Jeff has a skin allergy. He doesn't take meds all the time. Tina also has a skin allergy and she takes meds daily. She can call Jeff if she has any questions.
Gabriella got a new 2005 Mercedes hatchback. Derek and Casey are going to Cieszyn in 2 weeks. Their children will train hockey there. Gabriella will meet Tasmin in Berlin. Gabriella bought her car for 10k on OLX. She will show it to Derek when they have lunch together.
The link to Stephanie's video does not work.
Monica won't come to work today as she needs to take her ill son to the doctor.
Draco has seen his ex today and all his remaining feelings disappeared.
Carter is not joining Ivy and Chloe due to a family reunion. Carter's grandfather is very ill.
Sammie's put the baubles very close to each other on the tree and Ingrid decides to leave it like that for some time and then discuss it with Sammie. Noah prepared a creative version of the nativity which is different to the traditional one.
Hugh had mic issues and Trent had guitar issues at their show. It's the sound engineer's fault.
Bonnie invites Susan for her birthday on Saturday at 8. Susan will come.
Sophie lost her black top. Jane took it and forgot to tell her. Sophie is mad at her. Jane is sorry.
Tobi and Maxx are going to a birthday party tomorrow.
Clementine's cat jumped on the curtain.
Bob is going to be late today. Paul and Tom will start setting things up before Bob arrives.
There will be a contingency meeting at 3 pm on Friday. Lynn should get some info on the effects, Colin will check ad agencies that could be helpful and Bert will contact the lawyers.
Sandy discovered Chromatics on Spotify and shares their music with Luise and Ray.
Preston and Dominick are coming to the extra knitting lessons. Dominick has never had the patience for knitting, his grandma tried to teach him but he was hopeless.
Michaela got scammed. Somebody stole about 10.000 from her bank account by sending her a fake DHL link.
Jim is selling his canvas prints for 45 each this week. Tony needs 12 of them in the same design by this weekend. Jim would charge him in terms of express service. Tony will let him know by the end of the day if he decides to place the order.
Josh is in Barbados. He will send Camilla an email about Airbnb. Camilla just returned from Thailand. They both like it.
Paul is not sure if he's going to Rome or not.
Jenny's has fallen out with Claude. She's feeling blue.
Maria and Jamal visited Taj Mahal today. It's a mausoleum that an emperor commissioned for his wife Mumtaz Mahal.
Nate's car has been damaged beyond repair. He needs a new one but cannot afford it at the moment.
Mr. Smith yelled at Takashi who doesn't speak perfect English. Lona and Nat recon Mr. Smith had a bad day.
Susan wants Andy to visit her next week and promises to prepare Andy's favorite chicken. Susan wants Andy to come with his girlfriend. Andy will consider Susan's requests.
Tegan has received a friend request from Paul's brother. Valentia advised her not to accept it.
Agnes is in the Czech Republic. She's renting a room in a tenement house. She'll probably eat ice cream today.
Sean wants Pieter to tell the student his application was accepted and Pieter agrees.
Renee advises Gino on his outfit. Renee is worried Gino might look like a waiter. Ultimately, Gino will wear a white shirt, black trousers and brown shoes.
Jude needs Faith's credit card to pay the bills.
Lois had to do some job under somebody's desk. She feels very uncomfortable about it.
Eli is planning a surprise party for Jeff at his house on his 35th birthday on December 18th. Alison, Nick, George, Lisa and Helen will attend. Helen and George want to chip in for a gift for Jeff. Helen will bring sangria and old pictures.
Kian's friends will order a pizza. David will have it after he comes back home.
Melissa and Tanner both like hawaian pizza a lot. Melissa mentions that in Poland people eat pizza with sauces. Tanner tried it and liked it.
Miles wants to take Lydia to the movies so will call her in a sec to talk about it. Ilona will her brother Lydia's number.
Bryan is going to meet Stuart and Kev in 5 minutes.
Bob has been traveling to Africa recently. He will meet with Madeleine for dinner tomorrow to tell her an interesting story.
Adrian is cominf to visit Steven in January. They plan to get drunk. Steven will see adrian for his birthday party on Toonie Tuesday. Steven will wear red plaid.
Catherine is bored and wants Stefan to come get her.
Mum's birthday is in two weeks. Hilda, Joseph and Natasha are going to take Mum to Venice.
Emma obtained the tickets for the next month's concert. She booked seats in the centre of the fourth row. Jess offers to take care of the tickets due to Emma's tendency to lose things. Tickets are electronic, though and Emma sends them to Jess who'll print them.
Terry, John and Helmut are studying in Denmark and they're pleased with that. Liam's thinking about joining them there.
Green wind turbines kill birds according to Alex. Alex wants Lesley to sign the petition against them but she's not interested.
Frank and Suzanne are discussing tv series. Suzanne has watched Black Mirror, it's her favourite. Frank watched 3 episodes last night and can't wait to see season 2. On Frank's request, Suzanne recommends other Netlix series, such as Stranger Things or Dark.
Ruth's mom can't drive Ruth and Janet to Steph's birthday. Janet can't see Ruth's Italy pictures due to privacy settings. Ruth made them so on purpose, but will change them for Janet on Monday.
Emily is going to pour fuel in the generator because the red light is blinking. The fuel is in a diesel can left behind the door by Michael.
Meggy and Brad's company is changing the office. Therefore, the company started selling some furniture. Brad would like to take the couch, but Monica has already reserved it.
Gia and Mia are going to the family dinner, and they meet at 9. Gia and Mia do not like family dinners, because they do not feel comfortable with meeting new people.
Nate is lactose intolerant but loves milk. Nate has found lactose-free milk that tastes good.
Kuba will join Essa, Katia and Olia for the M&A task. They will choose a company to work on. The deadline is in January. They have to write 11 pages paper for Business Ethics but there will be no exam. The teacher will give the topics before the winter break.
Olek made a reservation at POPs for him and Veronica.
Hugh and Scarlett's relationship is struggling. Hugh wants to end it, but Scarlett suggests that there are still some options like therapy.
The exhibition's ending tomorrow, so if Dino, Jeff and Jerry want to see it, today's their last chance.
Carl and Martha are about to see a movie in a theater. Martha is buying popcorn.
Linette and Beryl are planning a surprise birthday party for him. Beryl will come to Linette's apartment to discuss it.
Rosalie will make spiced spaghetti.
Lukas sends Hannah a shopping list for groceries, some sweets and two beers. Hannah will buy them on her way home.
Ollie gets birthday wishes from Elisa, Fran, George and Remi. He hopes to see them all on Friday.
Elizabeth will hide a present for Joshua's father under Joshua's bed.
Brooke wears a brooch in the office that she inherited from her grandmother. Lidia and Brooke will meet in the kitchen in 5 minutes to go for a cup of coffee.
Penny will wear some black dress for the company dinner.
Lily is visiting Berlin. James waters her palm every Sunday.
New coach has come with new ideas but after first few games he is judged poorly by Owen and Elijah.
Oli will come to walk Lia home in 10 minutes.
Nathan has a sorting job in the post office this week. After Christmas, he will have a project 'Home for the Holidays', which will include taking photos of his grandparents. They are in the nursing home and their house is being sold. Nathan and Kirsty will meet at the shop at 10 to have burgers.
The leader of their nation decided to build a 2K miles long wall on border.
Aiden taught his dogs Lassie and Dori some tricks. Lassie learnt quicker, Dori needed more snacks. Aiden is thinking of entering this town summer contest. It's only November, so he has plenty of time to practise with the dogs.
Arman is on his way to Sarah, but he will be late due to plane icing. The passengers are redirected from the plan back to the airport.
Jill’s neighbours from upstairs are having loud sex. Jack will know how his meeting went tomorrow as they need to sleep on it.
Roy can't find his blue shirt as it's at the dry cleaner's. Upon Denise's advice, he'll take the grey one with him.
Ross has broken his leg when playing with Brian.
Patrick met a woman on a flight and chatted with her during the whole flight.
Stan is stuck in a traffic jam.
Erin called the fabric shop. She didn't like the fact that it was a man who answered the phone.
Paul and Copper will meet at 4 instead of 3 today.
Juan is almost 45 minutes late. He'll be there in 15 minutes.
Helen finds Dan appealing because he was nice to her lately. But Dan likes Ashley more than Helen. Angelina will tell Helen how to change that tomorrow.
Amelia has to cancel the meeting because her car broke down. The help is on their way. Amelia and Isla are going to meet another day.
Constance paid for water and Internet, but Sheldon forgot to pay for electricity, but he'll wire transfer the money right now.
Joanna, Isaac and Yasmin will meet up next week.
John wants to go on a trip next year. He and Ewan are following a blog of a person who travels to remote islands.
Dorothy has been looking for a job and sending a hundred CVs a day even when she doesn't meet the criteria. She hopes for a 10% response rate.
Amy's going to bed.
Jacek will check his girlfriend's phone for the pictures from yesterday and will let Asia and Filip know.
Patricia and Edgar have a conversation about animal abuse. They both deplore it.
Rita'll prepare scrambled eggs for Lidia.
Tara, Lia, Sara and Tom will order some burgers from 'Off the hook'.
Hannah and Sylvia heard of Arbonne cosmetics which is direct selling, but they prefer to go to Rossmann where they can touch and see eveything before they buy it.
Eleonor is moving to Barcelona. Stef is still in Munich. Stef gave Eleonor's address to a friend. Eleonor met that friend and enjoyed it. Eleonor asks Stef if she has more information on a certain topic. Stef asks around and sends Eleonor her friend's opinion on that matter.
Sweeny asks Donna about the chord to Cocaine.
Beccy had a terrible trip, because she didn't have a seat on the train. Robert had travelled in China 10 hours without a seat.
Jemma found a good deal for winter holidays. Ski passes are included in the price. Dottie is interested to join her.
Olivia informs Lilly that she's running late due to problems with diarrhea and Lily is not ok with it as she's freezing and wondering what she's going to tell Josh.
Anna can't find her red brush, and Mary saw it in the bathroom.
David and Jack think newborn babies are ugly. They dislike the fact that parents so often share their babies' pictures via social media.
Jose's bus is running 4 minutes late.
Jason thinks because of lack of computer skills a lot of people are excluded from possibility of being recruited to work. Bob and Mark are skeptical. Jason is thinking of creating an app to ease the process of creating a resume.
Nick decided to buy an induction hob.
Tom wants to borrow Alan's car but Alan needs to ask Sally first.
Lola put the garage key in the hall cupboard, in the top drawer.
Claire would like to go out with Pete, but she needs to study.
Don doesn't want anything special for Christmas. He would like to spend some time with June.
Garry sends Olivia and Idan the recipe which Olivia requested.
Jeremy, Emma and Julia are still riding their bikes. They're close to Nuoro now. Julia was sick, so they had to slow down for a few days. They're not coming back to Cagliari, which is a pity for Stefano. They'll take a ferry from Olbia to Tuscany and fly to the UK from there.
Luke and Henry are unhappy about people being on a crusade against the anime, this time the Rise of the Shield Hero.
Harry fed the cat two sachets of food. According to Tom, the cat looks hungry. Harry allows to feed him in two hours.
Nicole took in a puppy and named it Sassy. According to the previous owner he is going to be medium big. Frank will come and see Nicole's puppy tomorrow.
Anya will order some two portions of California tempura and salmon rolls and some chao-chao rice for 19:00. June will arrive home at 19:30.
Ken and Jacob agree they should apologize to them and want to send an email. Will disagrees with them. He will quickly think of another solution.
Paul and Martin can't go for a drink with Jamie after work due to family obligations.
Jane is standing in a huge line. Rudolph and Eve will join her in a minute. Micah says they are two streets away.
Alice really likes a maternity photo shoot she's seen and so do her friends.
Greg is not feeling well but does not want Anna to come over.
Keanu is sad because his date didn't show up. He drank his coffee and went home to cry.
Anette and Kim are going out to have a pizza with their children on Sunday. Anette will make a reservation at Gianni's for 3 pm.
Dean wants to see a movie with his girlfriend Rory, but she's studying hard for her exams. He's angry with Rory for focusing just on her study and not him, and they argue.
Mike wants to go out with Suzie but she refuses.
Jacob's coming home in 10 minutes. Dinner's almost ready.
Benjamin wants to start a book club. Ashley wants to be the co-chair.
Madelene and John will have pizza and prosecco at the usual place at 5 pm.
Mia is sick. James will bring mac & cheese to comfort her.
Joe will be late because of traffic.
Donna and Ben will go to Ari's concert in Berlin. The ticket costs around 120 euros.
Kim is going backpacking through Europe for a month. She will stay at her mom's friend's place in Paris for two weeks. Kerri recons the Louvre is a must.
Fish and Babe are going to a pub for karaoke night at the weekend.
Marisa and Luke can't find the presentations they need for tomorrow's test. Someone deleted them by accident and they ended up in trash.
Luke grew an avocado out of the stone once. He also grew grapefruits, oranges, lemons. Once he shitted in a yucca plant pot belonging to his neighbor and he covered it with other soil. Then tomatoes grew out of the pot and the neighbor ate them.
Grace is on holiday on the French Riviera.
Dave wonders why Christianity appeared to be the most powerful religion in the world. Lukas tries to answer Dave's questions by explaining the historical background of Christian Expansion.
Wilfred's got Randall's video. Paige and Finch find it disguising. Randall reckons it's fake.
Brendan is not satisfied with his photos' quality after compression.
Nevaeh is seeing Gavin on Tuesday at around 15.30.
Maria will bring apertiff to Domi, who's having a barbeque tonight. There will also be Ariane and her family.
Buba is choosing a dress for a Christmas party at work. Esther suggests the one with pockets. Vanessa thinks the first one is the best with some accessories.
Mary is in the bathroom.
Brian will go to Trader Joe's to buy chocolate almonds for Rachel. They will make chicken parmesan for dinner.
Tom and Paul registered for a marathon, but they don't want to participate in it anymore.
Fred's car is broken badly. Julius will see Fred at his place at 8 tonight to cheer him up.
Erica needs free jars to try MarieKondo method. Nicole and Ingrid don't have any, but Ingrid will pick a glass jar next time she buys ketchup.
Noah did not treat Bianca well the other time.
Joe got married but they split so he is back in Newport. Kelly works in the bank and is hoping for promotion. Joe will pop into the bank on Friday and they go out for a drink.
Scott and John will meet at 7.30 at Oculus.
Ian has two free tickets for "Meru". Gus considers it to be the best movie about climbing. Ian and Gus will meet at Clyde's pub at 8 PM.
The video of Tom and Kate, and the one called trial02 are both public.
Jonathan and Brenda are coming to Walter and Martha this afternoon. Walter will buy some fruits, because Brenda is allergic to gluten.
According to Enrique's adivce, Travis shouldn't try the stuff Alvin made last night.
Tonight Johny will come to Max's place at 5 pm, and they will go play some pool at 6.
Jeremy, Jake and Joselyn won't have classes because professor Xavier broke his leg and is absent.
Hellen congratulates Xenna on her imminent marriage.
Hartley is looking for a good app to learn Spanish. Burbank tells Hartley to ask Louise. Draper has a course of Italian.
Judith can't meet Max because of work. Max and Judith have been together for 3 months. Max earns good money despite not working many hours.
Luke has spent the whole day on watching youtube videos. Chris has been programming, because he has a potential client coming tomorrow. Zack is leaving work in February. Luke is not going to the pub, because he will be watching a football match tonight.
Mitchel needs to send Pansy his home address to book the flight.
Mom is calling George to come for supper. He's coming now.
Jessica's bought a new yellow jacket in a new shop around the corner.
Justin is volunteering at the soup kitchen for the homeless. Max will be there to help out in around 40 minutes.
Eamon and Norman are very excited about the new case. Eamon will pick up Norman later to go to the store.
William doesn't have Emma's notes. She'll ask Ethan.
Louise's friend Ann is pregnant and invited her to a baby shower. Louise doesn't want to go because she hasn't seen Ann for ages. Ann doesn't seem to be getting married.
Jessica will make corn muffins using the "Jiffy" mix for the Thursday breakfast. She might add some bacon, jalapeno, and cheese to the muffins.
Kevin feels tired. There was a time switch last night.
There was a storm last night. Jamal lost the power for a couple of hours and his garden is wrecked. It's still raining where Carrie lives.
Trey helped his brother to make an RC car last night and Lyric is asking if he can do that for her, too.
Carl thinks the man is disgusting. Sam read he got cleared by a judge.
Charlotte is moving from her apartment. Frederic and Emanuel offer her some help. They will meet at 8PM.
Ralph is going to Sheffield for a business meeting. Felix suggests Ralph visits Sam but he lives too far away. Felix's grandpa used to own a small pub. Agnes reckons people knew how to have fun back then but Brittany thinks we do as well.
Training starts at 6:30. Larry reminds Jerry about taking clothes for dryland training.
Kim has a new dress.
Sally and Molly possibly played in the mud and got to parent's bedroom, where they made a mess. Randy will start cleaning and Natalie will join him as soon as she can, because parents might be here any minute.
Julia is looking for the song that Adam played yesterday. He provides a link to the song. Adam is happy with how YouTube autoplay function works.
Carol is going to the hospital in an hour and will pick up Andy. Andy is getting ready now.
Matt will finish at 2. Lizzy will get home on her own.
Sara and Greg are meeting outside in 5 minutes.
Lily had nice time at Rosa's yesterday.
Sam is bored and cannot focus on studies.
Orion's partner cheated on him. Orion's rat has died.
Billy has been looking for a movie called Enter the Void. Will has seen it three times.
Todd will come to Peter's place to borrow his sleeping bag at 8 pm tomorrow. They will drink beer.
Ronald left the meeting yesterday because his boss annoyed him. Ronald will apologize to the boss.
Ioanna starts a new work today.
Chloe will be late, as Charlotte reports. Amber and Charlotte are stuck in the traffic jam.
Lawrence will visit Papa tonight after jogging before seven, Papa will prepare something to eat. Papa's leaving on Wednesday, so he'll go with Lawrence and Pat for a brunch at Schlosscafe at 12 on Sunday. Lawrence will call Pat.
Jimmy wants to go out for the stand-up with Kris. Kris is fighting bad with Cathy lately. Kris has been working lots and Kathy is alone with kids. Kris and Jimmy need a break so Jimmy will watch the kids.
Olivia and Diego can't log into the system. The same problem appeared last night. Michal checks the problem. The problem has been fixed.
John will buy the goat cheese Tracy liked, milk, a couple of grainy rolls, and tissues.
Zara has lost the earring, which Stanley gave her for birthday, when she was at the swimming pool.
Megan will not come to work today because she is sick. Alessandra needs Megan to sign papers. Megan will sign the papers on Friday.
Harry will be in Luxembourg from 5 until 15 July. Adrian and Ian will be happy to meet. Audrey is on holiday until 12 July, she will get in touch with Harry when she's back in town.
Paul has sent Lee a movie. Lee is going to buy it now and inform Paul.
Diana wants Max to meet her parents. He thinks it's too early.
Veronica and Megan postpone their meeting with other girls till next Friday because Kate is unavailable this Friday. There is variety of bars in Down Street. Megan does not know where Negroni is served.
Jake has a box full of old cables and is reluctant to throw it out, even though he feels he should. Kevin's father has the same issue. Jake feels the urge to connect all his electronic devices to each other.
Brad, Hank and Gary are watching a match. One of the players is having an amazing game.
Ann saw the interview with Kit Harrington and it was hysterical to Terry.
Howard is waiting at the top of the stairs. Stephanie has to cross the street. Stephanie will see Howard in two mins.
Jenny is in town but she's busy with the baby. She's not going to baptise it.
Matt, Anton and Paul are discussion their dislike of Theresa May and her negotiations regarding Brexit.
Louise and Sue are arranging another driving course for Louise. Louise would like 2 half-day drives with the same tutor and prefers weekends. Sue will contact the tutor about the dates and will get back to Louise with a text and an e-mail.
Emily had a root canal and it hurts her. She's going to take some days off from work and relax.
John can't talk at the moment as he is in a meeting. John doesn't know when the meeting is going to end. Mike needs to speak to John tonight. John will try to call Mike when he's free.
Anna is angry as Tom hasn't changed Stevie's diaper for the whole day. Lisa thinks Anna should talk to Tom about his general attitude. Lisa and Anna want to go to a Spa for a day at the weekend. Lisa suggests leaving Stevie with Anna's sister. Lisa will call the Dream Spa today.
Libbie asks Jean to help her with chemistry. Jean agrees.
The wedding was normal and she looked wonderful. Jim did not get too drunk and he behaved well. The party was good and Kate came back home at 6 am.
Cinthia is grounded for not taking care of her younger sister properly. Cinthia's sister got burned while Cinthia was watching TV. Tom feels sorry for Cinthia's sister but Cinthia feels sorry for herself.
Blake didn't like the Queen's message during Christmas.
Ian and Paula won't meet, as too many people can't come.
Johnny hasn't finished reading Agatha's book yet.
Betty warned Steven about some cancer-causing part of his diet. He refuses to avoid it.
Matthew asks Harley, David, Dylan and Toby to vote for his project. They do it.
Maria is buying new glasses. Terry and Jenny liked them.
Victor and Diego will come to Mohamed for dinner. He's cooking some Lebanese food.
Britta will send Emir Etna's 2017 financial statement in English.
Victor and David are unhappy with the increase in prices at their gym. Victor is going to try to find something closer to work, whereas David will stick to this gym as long as the prices won't increase once again.
Adele and Maia are sick. Maia had 39C fever at night and Adele couldn't sleep because of coughing. Kate offers Mike's help, but Adele declines, as Peter is coming back this afternoon to take care of them. Kate hates her job. She will update her linkedin profile and start looking for a new one.
Dona will come with Henry to his friends' house party for New Year's Eve.
The biology assignment is due on Monday, which Mick is not happy about.
Bonnie will give Kim her pink sweater back.
Eric will pick Eve from College Green.
Sis ignored Jane because she was watching series. She used up all of her points and cannot watch it anymore. Her friend shared his account with her. Now she can watch one episode more.
Karin, Cheryl, Jennifer, Kevin and Ann are attending a conference which starts in an hour. Jennifer is going to be late. Everybody is going to wait for her at the Marriott hotel and eat something together. Cheryl is already at the hotel working at the registration.
Elijah is an instructor of the sailing course. The meeting with participants is on Monday, 6 p.m. in room 12. Luis and Abel ask him about organisational matters.
Kylie was at the hairdresser called Barber Shop, her hair was done by Jake. The hairdresser where she bleached her hair is called Hair Point.
Clare congratulated Estera on her wedding.
There are heatwaves in Australia. It's over 30 degrees where Resa stays. Bill will have an MRI scan soon. He declined to look for medical help before. Bill can't hear properly.
Ian is ready for his early morning flight. Anna, Oliver, Alan and Kelly all hope it's going to be fine.
Emma has the flu.
Ula feels humiliated by the behaviour of Molly at the school. Molly promises to make up for it, she invites Ula for ice cream. Ula will be around 7eleven at 12.
Marge is not able to come today.  She will call Grace tomorrow.
Gordon has bought his first car and shows it to Leo.
Gail hasn't heard about Game of Thrones. Kyle recommended watching it. George R.R. Martin is the author of the books the series is based on. Kyle sent Gail the link where he can watch the series.
Dylan and Tyler will go to a pub and watch a football match tomorrow.
Deryl wants to stay in the city for Christmas instead of visiting mum and dad. He might have sushi with friends. Joan wants to join them on Boxing Day.
Ted, Gloria and Frank are having a typology test tomorrow.
Ann goes to new yoga classes. Amy agreed to join her. Ann will lend her a mat as she has two. The next class is on Thursday at 6 pm.
"In the air" by Phil Collins is the song that Jack mentioned today.
Miles and Dax are having Dad's chicken wings tonight.
Mark came back from India. Mark and Susan will meet at Costa at 6 pm on Tuesday.
Beau is going to spend summer in Australia. Ashley liked Sydney and Urulu a lot. The round trip with QantasLink airline cost her up to 300 Canadian dollars.
Blaire won't give Tom a chance as he's not her type.
Chase has taken up baking bread. Ronald is going to visit him later tonight to try some bread and learn the recipe.
Ruth got back with matthew because he was in town.
Hal is in Paris, the weather is windy and rainy. He will come next week for holidays. Sergio, his neighbor will open the house and switch on the heater. The instructions are in the cellar. Sergio didn't manage to switch on the boiler. Hal's plumber will come the day after tomorrow at 7:30 am.
Scarlet wants to buy a new bag. Lidsay and Lisa advise her to take the one which costs 20$.
Tim will work this weekend, but Paula and Rosa will meet for a girls night with coctails.
Irene won't join John and his companions as she is saving money for a trip to Spain in May.
Claire may be pregnant. She doesn't want to have a baby yet. She asks Hannah not to tell Peter about it and to go to the doctor with her.
Abby is going out with her girls this weekend. Ollie wants to go out but nobody invited him. Ollie will text Abby about going out next weekend.
Therese, Janusz and Andy are meeting tomorrow. Janusz brought some sausages and kaszanka from Poland, but Andy doesn't want to eat it.
Margaret's sister said that her dress for the office Christmas Party is too revealing. Her boss and his wife are going to be there. She considers wearing another dress.
Tom will contact Oliver after finishing new horror action game.
Chris is on the way from the Krakow airport to the hotel.
Sara will bring Geoff Steve's report on emerging trends and a coffee.
Nina is at M5, she is having a lunch break, then she will go to B&D. They are her last client today. She also needs to write a report following the new regulations.
Ava did a new painting with some help from her elder brother. Noah will study it when visiting Ava.
Steve will report one of his colleagues for what he posted on his wall.
Sarah is reading a book and watching TV. Gina will join her with some prosecco.
Isabelle is attracted to last night's party guest.
Peter will borrow Hugh's car.
Allison will buy air pods for Xavi.
Tina is at the lecture right now. Elsa woke up late and won't come to class now. Elsa asks Tina to record the lecture.
The Cowboys are winning the game Derek, Selma and Alonso are watching. It's one of their best games recently.
George has been preparing a week for the exam, and Phil, three days.
Jen is going shopping tomorrow. Lea can't go with her as she has to prepare for Wednesday classes.
Eliza doesn't sleep well. Eliza is going to try some tea, natural remedies and yoga. Tyler stopped watching TV before bed but Eliza doesn't want to try it for now.
Drake has reached the summit.
Jim incorrectly added British Museum to the event info and wrongly send it through fb, twitter and mailing list. Violet might send a correction message to all interested.
Sebastian and Betty haven't talked for a long time. Betty thought Sebastian doesn't want to talk to her anymore. Sebastian's coming to Paris next week. They decided to meet on Tuesday.
Karolina has started a new year at college. She stays in a cheap apartment, but the landlord needs the flat for his son, who comes back from another country. Karolina is worried about it. She studies in Stanford, the same place as Jack's sister, who may have a room for rent. Jack will contact them.
The boat leaves at 9.00 but Alex and Ben should be there at 8.30.
Aryana will pick up some holly from Eva. Sandra will drop Denise off at 12 tomorrow and James is happy to have her, just like the last time.
John and Ellis are in Queensland with children. They rented a SUV and they are currently visiting Fraser Island.
Catherine wants to change her lifestyle.
Fiona and George are pondering upon kitchen design. Fiona really wants an island. George is OK with the idea.
Kate is looking for Chris. Jack texted Tim to let him know him and Chris went to another bar.
Dan is unsure about participating in Eve's project. It's about the money and time. Eve promises to pay him something after she secures the funds.
Ryan hates his boss. The boss yelled at a guy in front of everyone.
Dave is meeting Seth at the front in a second.
Jason will get home asap as his dad is angry. Mom cooked pasta with spinach.
Chen started learning German. It's easier for him than Italian.
Bonnie is drinking at Marco's bar with Lola and Abbie. Kyle will come to collect her.
Sandra is angry at Jimmy for holding hands with another girl.
Jason is looking for Kaka. He must be in the ground playing football. Jason and Molly will see each other later. Jason is going to the ground now.
Donna tells Wesley that she will pick him up today 15 min later.
Bob and Denis suggest to Claire replying to a spam email.
Brian needs two more weeks to finish the text, but has to work faster due to one of the sponsors pulling back. Brian was unaware of that fact, because of a malfunctioning mailbox. Joan is expecting a baby and will only represent Brian for another six months. Joan will find a replacement for Brian.
Val will check the tyre pressure, as reminded by Jim.
Elton will wash colours because Martha needs her green dress for Thursday.
William was at the awful and unpleasant meeting in the office. David is looking for a new job. They both don't feel well with the present situation.
Marisa and Amelia haven't contacted  Nicole for a while. Amelia and Nicole's friendship has been turbulent and they're not best friends anymore. Nicole hangs out with other girls. Amelia and Marisa will go out on Saturday.
Ian and Kevin's brother want to buy tickets from Ursula for Kevin Hart.
Audrey is after a tv series to watch and Tony recommends Lucifer. Jessica confirms it is worth watching. They decide to watch series 4 together when it comes out. Tony sends Audrey the files for the first 3 series.
Lucas started a job at Deliveroo yesterday.
Mike apologized to Tracy for the things he said when he was upset.
Noah has a new big tattoo.
Beth has been working a lot lately, she'll be working on Christmas and on New Year's Day too, she has almost no free time, but at least the salary is good. She's thinking about a new job. Jenny works at Samuel's and she likes her job. They will try to meet for coffee when Beth has the time.
James wants to buy a new TV. John recommends him Samsung or Sony.
David had a dream about Polly and Supria and their school.
Wojtek and Will are going for holidays to Eritrea. They're leaving on 7 April. It's quite expensive because everything is controlled there and tourists can travel only with a local travel agency.
James is renting a yacht in Croatia. He wants to know if Andy would be interested in joining them. Amy, Josh, Patrick and Laura are going with James. They are going by car.
Rebecca and Thomas are in Bangkok. They enjoy their journey. Amanda is jealous. She considers Bangkok an interesting city.
Jenny will try to go to a gang meeting that will take place tonight at 8 p.m. at Ricky's. Sarah thought that Lexie had told Jenny about the meeting.
Dana will join Marge at the cat shelter this Friday. Marge wants to adopt Max.
Billy is in Iceland 50 km away from Reykjavik. It's too much snow to hike so Billy started knitting. Billy is making a scarf. Sheila has been to Reykjavik.
Regina and Jorge are at the airport waiting for K. They will meet at the arrivals.
Karen has just started reading the novel. Karen has had the novel for a month. Karen is very busy. Gibrael will read the book in a week and then give it back to Karen. Karen will give the novel to Gibrael tomorrow in college.
Dayna discovers Kim's second profile with awkward pictures. They miss each other.
Laura is in Granada, she will remain there until January 6th. Laura and Jerry have to stay and work.
There is no solution to populism, tabloidisation and fake news industry. People don't read longer messages, they don't focus on facts and they can be easily manipulated.
Seth's PC doesn't work so he needs help. Rory suggests resetting the memory sticks. Albert suggests trying different combinations of slots.
Brenda has become a grandmother. She will run 5K tomorrow and the next day.
Ela will be late and Vince will order pizza and orange juice for her.
Robin will talk to Tom later because he has a birthday today.
Sam ordered tacitos, hash browns, coffee and orange juice for breakfast for him and Anna. He's just got the order and Anna is already waiting for him at the door.
Odin will help Matilda to get prepared for their math test taking place in two days.
Kayla's birthday is this Friday. Jeff and Tom decide to buy her a necklace on-line from the jewelry producer she likes and split the cost.
Lucas and Andy will see "Alita" tomorrow at 8 pm at the cinema. Lucas is excited about the upcoming movies "Avengers: Endgame" and "Captain Marvel".
Melanie doesn't have a cat even though she poses with one in her profile picture. Billy has a sphynx Banshee that is very intelligent and mean at the same time.
Brett sends Ilya the agenda for today. There is a conference call at 9 with the Generosity foundation regarding grant application. The company Christmas party has been postponed to Thursday.
Peter is texting Dorothy at 11 p.m. on Saturday after not talking to her for weeks, and she reckons he needs to try harder if he wants to go to bed with her.
Saskia is on her own tonight as Adam's gone to Doncaster ti check out a kebab van. She doesn't want to go out so Fred invites her in. Saskia and Fred miss Paddy. Saskia will bring dessert.
Tony and Mary have just arrived in BSB. They will have lunch with Mike at the High Frequency Cafe.
Lily and Sandra are meeting to cheer Lily up.
Arthur sent a file.
Sam and Ben, who works at a bank, will meet over a beer as Sam needs help with getting a line of credit for his new business and he was already rejected twice.
Adam is still at class, which he finds very boring.
May sends an embarrassing photo of herself to Gabe, Claire and Peter by accident. Gabe, Claire and Peter think May looks great.
Mike proposed to Christina. Eva congratulates her.
Samuel is going to send Freddie group and solo photos again.
Branden is angry because he lost the money and the game. Suki tells him how to change the strategy and win.
Olivia and Susan haven't seen Baby. Victoria watched 3 episodes and liked them. Susan doesn't have Netflix. She will ask Jack if he has a free profile.
John and Pesh are going to Chaka Ranch for a date next weekend.
The door code is the apartment number followed by the key button followed by 4537. The entry phone calls the apartment 3 seconds after pushing the apartment number. The apartment is on the 3rd floor.
Oti will buy a £100 gift card for Sharon tomorrow. Florence and Brittany will him cash on Friday.
Wayne forgot the password for the company shared folder. Jason helps him.
Isho owns Trevor 35 dollars. He plans to give it back in a few days.
Amy has sent Leah a video about corporate food. Leah hasn't watched it yet.
Emily kept some information from her sister Lorelai. They are arguing because of it.
Chris invited Jordan to a surprise date on Saturday. Michelle and Lee are excited.
Anna is organizing a Christmas party on 21st of December and wants George to come. George will come and help with the cooking. Anna invites Sofia as well, to George's delight.
Matthew Spencer asks Johnathan O'Neil if his company sells Hp Envy 15x360 laptops. Johnathan O'Neil denies.
Isaiah has undergone an appendix removal surgery. He's in hospital now. Anthony will visit him.
Anna is going to Vail with Ursula and her family in February. Jason is going to Thailand in February.
Lidia is busy at the moment, so Paul should write or call her in an hour.
Monica has left the iron on, but Mark put it away before leaving.
Gordon is eating breakfast at mat's. Terry is going to meet him there to give him the money back.
Maya will send Addie the list of cosmetics she picked online and Addie will buy them today in the store.
Sue is drinking milk with garlic and using a eucalyptus rub because she is sick. Lucy suggests drinking hot water with anti-inflammatory turmeric, ginger, and honey.
On Saturday Matthew will be available after 6 pm, when his training finishes. Matthew will call Alice tomorrow afternoon to set their appointment.
David will wait for Maurice and Robert outside the club.
The next ASEEES conference takes place in San Francisco.
Maria wants to know if John is feeling well after yesterday's party. He was drunk but was not saying anything bad, or at least untrue according to Maria.
Brad's brother is on TV. Romy is interested in becoming his girlfriend.
As part of his school work, Amos asks Timothy who would be the ideal president of the USA. For Timothy, it would be Trump because he's tough and can fight problems.
David and Tom's internet works well, so Peter will come over.
Louise is thinking of leaving the job at Marks & Spencer. Sylvia sent Louise a copy of her resignation letter. Sylvia's found a new job at The Body Shop. Louise is considering applying to Amazon.
Felix is sorry that he could not be more involved in the project. Felix was doing work for his department instead.
Phillip and Alice saw the new HP film yesterday. She liked it more than him. Eve is going to see it with friends from studies on Saturday at 16:50. Carla will join them. Alice can't go because she is going to the wedding.
Mackenzie bought her dad a Stan Getz CD. She advises Jack to buy him a fondue set.
Hannah encourages Lexi to come this evening. Lexi is not in the mood for socializing.
Anna is going to make a cheesecake for the Saturday party. Paul plans on baking cookies. Anna warns him not to use bananas as Madelene is allergic to them.
Blake is taking Shirley for dinner tomorrow. They will have lobster. Blake has never eaten it.
Esme got her nails done. She paid 42 and gave a tip. They last 3 weeks. She chose white color with glitter.
Gill studied hard for the exam and she's disappointed she will not get an A.
Jill has delivered a baby. She wants Ellie to visit her.
Elizabeth encourages Phillip to learn playing the violin.
Nadia is doing her hair. Nadia and Lucia will meet at Pep's at 9.
Anne has booked the big table next to the bar for 7 pm on Saturday. The table next to the front window has already been reserved.
Frank and Francis have their birthday. Kate will be in 2 hours.
They are going to see each other at the Italian course.
Anne wants to take her cousine from Italy to somewhere nice in London. Angelo's, Toff's, Yori, Soho or street food on Brick Lane or Borough's Market are being suggested. Sarah will join them if they are going to Hummingbird.
Billie is panicking about what he will tell Nino when he meets him tomorrow. Toby believes he's exaggerating.
Kleo needs a red dress for a performance. Kinga agreed to lend one of her dresses to Kleo, but she will give it to her on Saturday.
Leah met Zachary on Tinder and is going to his place tonight at 9 with a bottle of wine.
The meeting is scheduled at 9 am in suite 103.
Mark had a business meeting with his new boss Susana at the club yesterday. Henry wishes he had such a hot boss.
Allison is taking a taxi from her office to the emergency, as Tommy fell off the monkey bars.
Hernandez is full because he ate too much.
Anne suggested dinner at her place tomorrow. Kyle is not going to make it before 8:30 due to work and traffic. He doesn't eat meat which is not a problem for Anne.
"Love Actually" is on Channel 4 right now. Sandy and Joanna are watching it.
Olivia has found a new group of Kpop dance.
Norman is not part of AIESEC. He was part of AIESEC last year. AIESEC used to be better. Kyle is egoistic and now Norman doesn't have friends in AIESEC. Kyle had a great time on AIESEC last year. Ashley hates egoistic people.
Lily was supposed to be picked up and she had to wait two hours. He didn't turn up though because his bike was punctured. She was trying to call him but he left his phone at home. Now he's saying sorry to Lilly.
Lena will prepare a new scheme of work and consult it with Simon and Josh as the kids have troubles comprehending  some parts of it and have complained to Lena.
Tanvi, Peadar, Anette and Helen are going to meet on Saturday, most probably at 7.30 at Darwin. Thomas is in London, so he will not join them.
He deserves respect from Arsenal fans, because he's a top scorer in Europe.
Daniele thinks David has taken her book but it was Philippe who took it.
Colton's team won 98:95.
Noah is going to watch the second season of "Gravity Falls". Emma thinks the second season is as good as the first one. Damian likes "Gravity Falls" too.
Gemma has trouble breathing. She has already seen her General Practitioner in order to get a referral to a laryngologist.
Martha will be in Cracow on Thursday morning and will stay there until Friday afternoon.
Donald Trump revealed a plan to help Pakistan. This Friday he will give a speech. Ann won't be able to listen. Camilo will watch it on yt later. Ann and Camilo will meet in college tomorrow.
Max and Leah have feelings for each other. Max prefers not to do anything because he's married to Amy.
Isla thinks Brexit is going to happen. There are issues that they still need to settle before Brexit. Isla thinks Turkey shouldn't be in the EU. Isla's family is from Turkey.
Theodor has a night duty and he will go home late today. Amilie is angry, because Theodor has night duty several times a month and most of the time his supervisor do not tell him about it in advance.
Monica is waiting for Lexie.
Ulia wants to see a football game with Jerry tonight, but he is not a football fan.
Pam is done with the report. She should send it to Mr. Hendricks at a.hendricks@asterix.com.
Jim will know before the weekend if he can come before Christmas or on the 26th or later. Eva can pick him up at the airport if he comes before Christmas.
Jeremy and Maria are going to wait for Martha in the pizzeria inside the mall. Martha and Jeremy are hungry. Martha is going to be in 10 minutes. Maria will take only one slice of pizza.
Mike has a date with Mary tonight and he needs to borrow Ian's car.
Akira is at the airport standing in line at the luggage dropoff. Yasujirō is getting out of his cab and will join Akira shortly. Yasujirō overpacked his luggage last time.
Peterson sends Philipa a photo of his assistant and she finds the assistant cute.
Marion and Rita agree to take turns driving each other to the concert hall. Next concert is on the 12th of November and Rita will drive. She will also bring her son along. They will be in touch for details a day or two before the concert.
Caroline got negative results. She is relieved.
Marge's trip is great. The weather is perfect. Frank is crazy about the food. He wants Marge to accompany him on every trip to the city centre. She would prefer to stay at the beach with a book. Camilla's staying alone today because Harry's gone fishing. She's going to do some shopping.
Alan isn't sure if a 10% tip is enough in NY. Josephine usually tips minimum 15%, Jay and Melissa more than 20%. Many NY waiters don't get regular wages or don't have health insurance so they have to rely on tips as only income.
Sarah and Lucas watched Stranger Things and they like the 80's convention. Netflix will play the 3rd season.
Yvonne is trying to reach her dad to let him know to come at 5 instead of 4 as no one will be in. As she nor Iona can reach him, she will leave a key with the neighbours and a note on the door.
Tom is thinking of getting a new car. Long-term rental may be a good option for him.
Steve is never going to watch a movie by Woody Allen again.
Mark has been to Paris twice and liked combinations of wine and cheese. Josh doesn't like food very much, he's a great fan of sports.
Megan would like to borrow Dylan's Mystery of the Abbey game. Dylan is ok with this.
Ben has a new phone number.
Nestor wants to take a lot of classes this semester. Aida advises Nestor to focus on essentials. They dislike the grading system. Aida listens to Ludmilla to improve her Portuguese. Nestor recommends Pablo Vittar.
Lisa organises a school reunion on the 20th of June.
The departmental meeting about finance is taking place in the Emerald Room at 7 pm today.
Carolyn and Jon are discussing a plot twist in a movie. Carolyn is unsure how she feels about it.
Henry Fox invites William Field to join him and Lily Baumer for a visit to the Fondation Beyeler. They will meet next Wednesday at 10:15 at Henry Fox's house. Henry Fox will drive them to the museum. After the visit, they will go to a restaurant called Vitra, located on the German side.
Naomi won't go to the meeting after school because Tyler is sick and she will watch over him. He might get better till Thursday or Friday. Xand will miss him at school.
Lucy spat on James in front of the university.
Clark and Louise are John Cage's fans. They will meet at the tribute concert on Saturday. Louise already has her ticket.
Courtney did her first 20-miles ride yesterday. She ate a bug. Younes and Courtney will see at the meet-up.
Pamela is giving Ben socks and perfume this year. Mary gave him some perfume last year, and now she's looking for a last minute gift inspiration.
Savannah had a nice meeting with Jordan but she's looking for something else.
Maya is going to wait for Natalie and Richard as long as it'll take.
Amanda, Celine and Robert have a biology test next Tuesday so they have a week to study. Nick will study one day before as he always gets an ''A''.
Sue does no longer want to go out and invites Adam to join her at her house.
Louise organizes a school reunion on a weekend. Morgan can't come because she is getting married.
Dan and Ian comment on football games. They like Eden Hazard the most.
Misty thinks any march is ok if it has a purpose and is done right. Ben admires his friend's bravery as she's a wheelchair user. Rebecca would never take part in such a thing. Rebecca, Misty and Ben want to meet up on Wednesday.
Abigail argued with her mother. She is furious, because Abigail and Josh got engaged. George will drop by and spend time with Abigail.
The girl to Paul's right is attractive. Paul might try flirting with her, although he's not sure, as she has already slept with Chaz the other night.
Eva signed the agreement. She and Mat are getting married. They will organize the housewarming party in their new flat.
Jim will create two deadline alerts: one for the selection of the topic and one for posting an article on the blog. He will also make editable notes of both and share them with everyone.
Lisa is horrified because there is some animal above the kitchen celiling. She will barricade the door, bring wine and wait till Paul will come over.
Michael spent an hour waiting for Chase who did not show up.
Ela just gave birth to a boy. Rose will visit them shortly.
Alex lands on Saturday, 22 December, at 6 am. Alex will want to sleep when he arrives.
Carson wants Trojanski go and accompany him while smoking even though Trojanski doesn't smoke.
Emily sends Savannah a link to a comedy video.
According to Seth, they overpay Seth Sanchez for playng for Manchester United.
Dorothy is still mad at Ron. Tim understands Dorothy.
Carson has finished the assignment that has to be handed it by the end of the class. Ian is still working on it and Trevor plans on doing it during the class.
Dean's office is going to sign Mike up for classes. It is more convenient for the office as the group is only 12 students.
Larry enjoyed the live concert of Uriah Heep.
Nick wants Kate to be his plus one on his friend's wedding.
Justin will pick Cecilia up at noon today and they will go for lunch.
Alex is staying with Gil in Barcelona, but Gil is going to travel a lot, sometimes to Warsaw.
Jen needs to potty train her daughter as she's going to nursery soon but nothing seems to work. Jen will try to use the toilet instead of the potty as Olivia did with Charlotte.
Patty lost her new phone. She will be unavailable for some time. She will contact other people only via Fb.
Irene has been invited to a wedding but is unsure if she would like to go.
Frank is going to the event. Louie needs to check up with Kylie and he will let Frank know.
Serena and Zoe agree to go and relax at the resort tomorrow at 10 am. Celia can't come with them as she's going skiing with her mother. Serena'll collect Zoe from her place.
Maria and Frank are going shopping for a birthday present for Frank's mom on Friday at 7pm.
Diana got drunk at Mary's party yesterday and lost her Oyster card. Tom found it and Diana will take him to O'Neils as a thank you this evening.
Elijah doesn't want to back Esme up when he confronts Tonya today.
Selena can't meet with Jen and Phoebe as she's not feeling well.
Germaine is now able to pick his workout up where he left off because his mother moved closer to him, and she can help him take care of his child. Raul on the other hand has never stopped working out.
Patrik is convincing Cindy to come to his Oscar party around 7. He hopes that La La Land will win the main award.
Mia has a bus back to New York at about 11.30. Zoe will wait for Mia at 7th Ave and 27th St.
Tim haven't done his homework yet. Jenny offered to help and she will explain him everything tomorrow.
Matt and Robert will meet on Monday at 7PM. Matt will pick Robert up. They will have a dinner together.
Joanna is asking her mom Sandy if she can sleep at Jenny's place after the BTS concert. Sandy does not know about the concert but Joanna believes that she told her about that. Sandy is upset and thinks that Joanna is lying. Sandy will call Jenny's parents and will let Joanna know later.
Brian was jogging and didn't hear his father's call. At his dad's request, Brian will pick up Danny around 3.45 pm on his way to FR.
Anfisa from Russia, the gold digger from "90 day fiancé", has got her own YT channel. Sophie finds it quite boring.
Justin wants to wants to borrow 50 dollars from Foley but he is broke. Foley will ask his dad for the money.
Luke found painful information about the past.
David and Angela's peers, Pamela and Maggie, had a falling out over a language course and aren't on speaking terms anymore.
Mustafa baked some cookies.
Isabella wants Sophie to call her as she can't find her.
Adam has been busy for the last week. Pam and Adam will have a date on Saturday night. On Friday Pam is going for her mum's birtday party.
Tory's favorite bear is Draycott stout, Christmas edition.
It works for Abby thanks to Josh's help.
Anna had an issue with Uber. She ordered one, the driver was supposed to pick her up in 3 minutes, but when she got there on time, he had gone. She just received a notification that he ended the journey and she was charged the whole amount for it. Anna sent a complaint to Uber about the situation.
Rachel created a spreadsheet for voting on which day the GDPR training should be held.
John's going to south-east Asia. John, Tom and Paul will meet before the departure.
Sandra couldn't find Tracy's address on the map as she put an incorrect number. The correct address is 25 B. Tracy is waiting for Sandra.
Abigail's dad has had another surgery yesterday and will need to stay in hospital for another 2 or 3 weeks. Jason wants to visit with Karen. Abigail feels her dad would like that but in a weeks time when he is less tired. Bringing food is not a good idea but he likes herbal tea.
Sabrina has nothing to do. Rose watches YouTube videos when she's bored.
Ron will throw the garbage away when he comes home.
Hank will watch a piece of stand-up comedy Graham has sent him.
Nick spent 10 hours playing Red Dead Redemption 2 yesterday. It was the best day of his life.
Leigh's new boots are comfortable, warm, and they look nice.
Johnny and Sam are going to meet after work.
Chloe bought a new MacBook Air for work.
Dona will reschedule the meeting on Harvey's request.
Johana, Yoli and Ben met for dinner on Friday 21th at 8:30 PM. Ben ran a marathon on Sunday.
Todd asked Adam to buy him an energy drink, cigarettes and a lighter.
Tim proposes to join the yellow vests tomorrow. Jenny and Matilda won't join the protest. The yellow vests demand the resignation of Macron. It is possible to read their demands on the Internet.
Matt wants to go on a date with someone. He opposed to using Tinder. He goes out a lot.
The Wifi is down for Eric. It works fine for Summer at D1. It also works for Julia.
Kurt will finish December's email and blog posts for Feyi on December 4th. He was very busy.
Ian will bring Laura a book and few CDs from Martha.
Tired Ian hopes that the show won't last long.
Frederick and Magdalene are coming to the cocktail party this Sunday. Josephine doesn't know yet, because Jamie is sick. Magdalene can give someone a lift.
Adam is not feeling well. Missy, Ana, Margaret and Bruno want him to go out with them.
Anne will come to the party by bus and call an Uber to get her back home afterwards.
Hannah and Wendy are mad about the freezing temperature outside. Claudia doesn't care, because she feels warm.
Matt is attending a Spanish course and he likes it. Alex studied Spanish has stopped this year because he is too busy with work. Alex and Matt plan to meet this weekend and Matt will call the others to join them.
Brad is visiting his parents today and cannot meet with Hazel. She has got a job in the theatre and is going to the studio today to take some photos. Brad lets her use whatever she needs in his place. She is also going to do some cleaning.
Kitty will convey money to Barb and Ken.
Max will be late because he is having a drink with Tom.
Karolina will be back in Warsaw this weekend to spend time with Bianca. Enid will see Karolina soon.
Paula is submitting her thesis this week.
Mary, Ann and their partners will spend the weekend together hiking.
Nuria's birthday is today.
Jim is going to come to Poland on the 26th of December or later. He might have to be at work on the 27th. If he travels before Christmas or on the 24th of December, Eva can pick him up from the airport. Eva does not have to explain anything to the parents. Her translation might be needed later on.
Probably thanks to the medicine, Mia stopped coughing.
Grace needs Gaby's help.
Jacob has completed the literature review of his project. He has found some material on the ECG signal. He sent Rachel the research papers and techniques.
Fred and Rose are worried about the structural changes in their company.
Mary-Jane feels that none of her sexual partners has understood her fantasies. Peter asks her about those fantasies, as he feels he could relate to the feeling. Mary-Jane would rather keep the specifics to herself.
Oprah got her favorite sweets from Turkey for her birthday from Joe.
Nancie's shower was leaking. Milton sent Maciej to fix it on Wednesday. Maciej fixed the shower, so it works now.
Tim is waiting for Martha outside her house. She is going to be there in 5 minutes.
Rodger wants Ann to visit him in Norway but is broke and not convinced about staying at his place.
Alex will go to a workshop on homemade cosmetics with Nathalie. The entrance costs 15.
Olivia is sick and absent at work. Emily and Amanda have to deal with all the workload on their own. Amanda is unhappy about it so she tried to reach Olivia and make her do her own job remotely.
Sophia is helping David with his test in 1 hour.
Ozzi spent 300 bucks on LV scarf.
Janet liked Oscar's T-shirt. Oscar will not wear it again as it made him itch.
Maia asked Lala to bring Sophia's bag that she had left.
Lucas and James are meeting on Saturday at 11 am for 5-6 hours to practice. James will bring the bass guitar.
The storm has damaged some of Nick's properties. Nick is considering moving from Florida to Chicago if he gets a transfer at his company. Nick and Jerry will meet on Saturday.
Sarah has to give away her family cat of 4 years. Chloe doesn't approve.
Luca was in the hospital last week and he is alright now. He had a fight with his ex friend.
Phil is asking Andrew to recommend him an electrician. Phil's lights in the car are not aligned, so he is looking for a cheap repairman to fix it.
Julia, Alex Rafferty and Natalie Simpson will not be joining Aurore in the game. Instead they will play board games next door and join them afterwards.
The party was insane. June couldn't attend because he was sick. At the party they drank a lot and got stoned. Some people jumped off the roof into the pool. One person fell to the floor instead and was driven to a hospital.
Henry wants to sell his collection of pokemon cards on ebay.
Mia asks for suggestions on where to have a cheap meal. Eric recommends Darcys. Mia tries to remind herself the name of the bar they once visited for Hannah's living party, but she doesn't remember it. Eric, Stephanie and Taylor recommend Fibbers.
Carly's car broke down and she asks Don for help. They will take the car tomorrow after 11. If not, Don will take it himself.
Hester has no time to follow politics now. He doesn't know much about the candidates and that's why he's not going to vote.
Paige sends a picture of her new kettle.
The new soap opera by Hernandez is titled "Amor bravio". It starts Thursday next week.
Megan would like to get a plant, some kawaii pens or stationery, or ebooks for her birthday.
Adam is hungry and following Sean's advice, he will search for recipes in the Internet.
Ben, Bill and Dominic will wait with talking to her about the plan till the last day, so she doesn't fire them in an inconvenient moment. Dominic doesn't trust her and needs money for the instalment.
Klara has an appointment at the dentist in 3 hours, and had to reschedule plans with Bobby.
Thomas and Kate will meet at Jeff's at 6 pm.
Jon was in a car crash, he's doing fine, but his car is wrecked and he needs a new one.
Ronnie agreed to lend Heidi her jacket.
This year's charity ball was boring. The best one was in 1999.
Tina is drinking spice coffee on a cold autumn day.
Bella met Diego for the first time yesterday. She was tense. Diego was territorial. But he wasn't aggressive when Rosa entered his bed. Olenna will send Charlie more photos.
Caron is trying to to arrange 3 half day training session with Rachel in her car for a young girl. Rachel gives Caron dates that suits her. Caron mediates between Rachel and the girl to find the best dates.
Yigal is going to show Kai and Kate the Sint-Annatunnel. They are planning to eat some Chinese food after crossing the river.
Claudia is back in town, but she's busy with work. Artur has been sick for a week.
Gallo and Madani are leaving in 2 hours as Adam was taken to the hospital. Gallo will pick Madani and the kids up. Madani will take Gallo's card.
Paul wants to see Tony's assignment, but he hasn't even started it yet.
Natalie and Kyle are waiting for Luke. He'll come in 5 minutes.
Sophie doesn't have to retake her classes. Today she has to stay home and write her thesis. She had a fight with her mom. She will meet with Alec at 8.
Richie returns from Norway on May 24th. He is going for a trip to Lofoten and will do some yoga and hiking. Emily had plans for them in Kraków on May 24th-26th, but now Richie suggested another term.
Kieran's going to go to the bakery to have pizza around 5:50. Ashley's already there and Kerry agrees to go with Kieran.
Lea and Milly are going shopping today at 1. Milly needs new powder.
Annie, Katie and Hannah plan to sleep and chill through the weekend.
Clara will buy a bottle of sweet red wine for Susan and dry for the rest.
Kylie is hanging out in her room listening to BTS that also Carrie likes. They're seeing each other at tennis tomorrow.
It was Angela's birthday party. The guests danced almost till the end and went home at about 3 or 4. Today Angela is feeling tired and still a bit drunk.
There is going to be a "technological picnic" event aimed at families with children. It will take place in Theatre Square on Saturday from 10am to 5pm. GastroMachina Foodtruck wants to participate in the event. Mike will write them an e-mail.
Parker is watching a film.
Brad's mum can't pick up the kids. Both Brad and Angie can't leave early today, but Angie will try and pick up the kinds before the kindergarten closes. Angie and Brad are going to order sushi for dinner. Julie's psychological report says she's developing well.
Leslie and Laura are throwing a baby shower for Tiffy probably at April 21st at Laura's place. Everybody is going to pitch in to buy her a stroller. Tiffy is having a boy and going to name him Leonardo.
Joseph has found a funny meme and shares it with Roy.
Paul turns down Jerry's offer to give him a lift tomorrow. Paul will go with his colleague instead.
Bart will leave Spot with Mike next Saturday. Bart will be helping his girlfriend move.
They wish good luck to Bob and Nancy, who are moving to Spain in a week.
Sarah and Will didn't speak for a long time. Their colleagues, Dom and Brandon got caught with drugs and they've been suspended for 7 weeks. Will hates them because they stole his iPod and they are not nice.
Imogen woke up early and cannot get back to sleep because she is nervous and excited that her parents want her to join their business. Nathan is coming over tonight. They will eat lasagna and chocolate ice cream.
Less than 1/3 of the students signed for ECON 231. John commizerates the professor. Ava considers signing. She likes ECON. According to Kenzie the class seems difficult. Ava will verify it.
Maggie's advice for the apps that don't work is restarting the computer.
Camille, Bill, Jerome and Mike and some Claudia's university friends are collecting money $15 each for Claudia's birthday. They may buy her Radiohead's concert ticket.
Rowley will have a baby with a woman he met in the summer, not with Kelly.
Michael fed Willy.
Barney made the pumkin pie according to the recipe from the Starurday's show and shares the recipe with Telma.
Ben is waiting downstairs.
Adam tells Nancy that he is in love with her, but she tells him that she's got a boyfriend.
Will will be at the St. James's Hospital in 30 minutes.
Paul and John will meet tomorrow.
Chiellini is in Spain now.
Rosie bought train tickets online and she couldn't access them in the app. She had some problems at the station and needed to take the second train.
Gwen stopped buying cow milk.
Lily will order Dixit extension for a present, and she and Grace will split the payment in half.
It's Christmas in three weeks and Ben doesn't have any presents. Sam had a secret santa lottery in his family and he got his mother in law, so he will ask Betty to take care of it.
Jason is not excited about the New Year's Party, so he will only play some games and drink some sparkling wine. Mike is leaving with his girlfriend for the mountains for 4 days.
Penny's happy to work in a bigger office and cooperate with Holly whom Daniel perceives as smart. Daniel wants to introduce Penny to his photographer during lunch tomorrow but she can't come. Penny remembers that the photo session with both men is planned for the next week.
Dylan is in town. Matt and Dylan will meet for a drink tomorrow at 6 PM. Dylan will call Matt to specify where he wants to meet.
The last season of GOT is coming out in April.
Theo's plane is landing at 3 pm. Franck and Theo's mum will be waiting for him.
Carmen insults Mary because she ate her lunch again.
Katia sent €290 this morning.
Noah and Ron will go for a basketball practice on Saturday from 8 to 12 AM.
Sarah, Ashley and Lindsay are going to see a movie tomorrow evening.
John had a fight with Martha about her boyfriend and his brother Andy. Mike met Andy once.
People are protesting against the 25% rise of the fuel's price. That's why there's a huge traffic on the Conakry streets today.
George, Jean and Emmanuel are leaving for Sapo National Park tomorrow. They are coming back next Monday.
Darryl cannot find the keys to a safe. Since one of the guests wants to use the safe tonight, Darryl will call Saul to ask where the keys may be.
The food delivery for Sam Smith was supposed to arrive in 35 minutes. Elisabeth Garnier contacted the delivery man and it was delivered soon.
Kelly wants Peggie to call her as soon as possible.
Dalia will help Mr. Smiths in organising a scientific conference that will be held on 15th of April.
Tim will buy milk on Nicky's request.
James helped a homeless man and two hours later he found 100 euro on the street. He believes it's Karma.
Sam is stressed lately and needs to find a relaxing activity. Lisa, Mark, Paul and Ann are sharing their advice about activities that help relieve stress.
Greg's friends are coming for the weekend. Rosa will come to clean his house at 9 on Friday.
Rhonda requests Bill at her office.
Wendell has to leave something in the car which is on Hanover St. 5th floor. He also mentions that the Yoko Tawada book Cam is reading won the National Book Award and that she also writes in German. Cam knew because his acquaintance is her neighbor in Berlin.
Connie worries about Cora because she hasn't received any photos from her in the last few days. Cora is on a cruise and she doesn't have Internet access.
Adam hurt Aydan today. Maia feels sorry about it as she thought Adam was Aydan's friend. She wants to talk to Adam about his mistake, but Aydan doesn't think it's necessary, Maia is not going to her piano class today. She and Aydan are not going to college tomorrow.
Tom and Camilla decide to go to Dublin this weekend.
Bill's eye surgery went well, he's doing good despite other health issues, but he continues to drink.
Ana wanted to take a dog leash, but it's dirty. Luckily, she has another one. Ana and Anthony are meeting for dinner tonight. They are going for drinks around 8pm. They will move to the restaurant next to the beach after that. Anthony will make a reservation.
Aaron bough some equipment. They will try it out at Harold's place at Chester Road 7. Harold run out of lube but Aaron will be gentle.
Barbara sends Lisa and Jane 5 habits that people should change. Lisa and Jane agree with her.
Hugh likes Tori's new haircut.
Jason is leaving to another division and he will come here for quarterly meetings.
It's snowing in Satle in October.
Greg left his black Acer laptop at the cafe today. John was seen with it by Sienna so he probably picked it up.
Cheryl Cole has left her third husband.
George is looking for the manual for the washing machine. It is not on the shelf next to it. Jane has found it.
Patricia, Joseph and Tony are coming to the party tonight.
Hellen uses the internet at work only to do her job so she didn't hear about Bush death. Kelly reckons she should check the front pages.
Diana is mad, because she has changed her maiden name and the university demanded a marriage certificate to confirm that; Diana and Meg are discussing that it is not right that they need the information why a maiden name was changed; Diana is not going to give them the marriage ceritifcate.
Andy is dressing up as the Incredible Hulk for the party tonight. Alison is dressing up as a witch.
Ian is going to restore a deleted file for Jack.
Jayden is neutral about Brexit, but he thinks the draft agreement is not very sensible.
Willie and Trishia are going out for a beer tonight.
Bill is in the foyer, Will is in the toilet and Wojtek waits in a huge queue to the gentelmen's room.
Pascal's carpenter arrived yesterday.
Michelle and Tania don't want to spend the weekend at home. They decide to go to the new water park.
Jennifer and Nancy have a meeting in 2 minutes.
Stephen and Marika will grab some brunch after he arrives at St Pancras at 10.44. Stephen wants to take Freda to Science Museum and show her Buckingham Palace, take a trip on the Thames and take in a show. Stephen used to live in London, Freda has never been here before.
Alex's up to do something this weekend but both Phillip and Jack have excuses.
The clothing is pretty, but also too expensive.
John and Bob are both going to the dentist today. As a result, they can't go cycling with Megan.
Meg and Martin are bewildered that he's alive in the newest episode.
Tom and Brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man, who tried to contact them, wanting to convert them to Christianity. Bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of Andaman Islands. She believes they should have the right to be left alone.
Peter is probably seeing John and the guys today for some pizza, beer and board games. Peter will let John know if he will come.
Tawny is picking earrings for Simone. Tawny asks Simone questions about her preferences.
Terrance's still in bed. Mary woke up at 6 and is already in the office.
Nina congratulated Betty on being accepted to photography studies. Betty is worried her parents will not be happy about it. Betty invited Nina to visit her on campus.
Peter saw Maria briefly today and he thinks she will stay long hours in the office.
Flo and Jane are working in the same shop, near Le Bon Marché. Frank is back to school, but Ted is not. He will try on February. Mum and Peter are dong well.
Jason had seen "Black Panther" and thinks it was good. Ben is not interested in action films but loves "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". Andre likes the movie too. Jason hasn't seen it, but has heard it was depressing.
Jackson told Paige that Hailey cheated on Zach with his best friend.
Sookie and Paul are going to celebrate Paul's exam tonight, even though he is going to receive the results on Monday.
Sisi and Deedee are having a discussion on differences between the impostor syndrome and the cry-baby syndrome.
Lily wants to know where Grace is. Grace is right in front of Lily.
Bart will be at Matthew's place in 30 minutes. They'll drink good whisky that Meggy gave Matthew for his birthday.
Pat used to work at Lister's Fine Clothing in the 1970s and 80s. Pat hasn't seen Sandra in about 35 years. Pat left in 1984 to run a pub with Jonathan. Sandra met with Brenda Riley last weekend, they plan a reunion. Pat does not have kids and is retired. She travelled with Jon to Oz and Thailand.
It's Elsie's birthday today.
Paco's sister helped him with decorating his place. She is a graphic designer.
Agnieszka guessed the name of the song Olaf heard today on the radio and couldn't get out of his. Bartek and Agnieszka weren't too nice to each other.
Kate asks Jamie about his accommodation in Mexico on Bill's request. He was in 2 hotels and 2 Aribnb flats and the experience is generally positive. Kate had noisy guests last night. It was New Year. She told them off.
Gene and Drew will talk about the video after te holidays.
Liv hopes some man will write to her. They argued last time and she was really mean to him.
Paige and Walter will go for drinks on Saturday.
Ellen and Sookie are working on a project together.
Amanda booked 4 tickets for Metallica concert.
The police have told Cristian to call them when he meets him. Cristian is attending his Italian course today. There has been a power cut at Garrett's place this morning.
Christian can't bring Amelia's charger to school tomorrow as he won't be coming. Amelia needs it urgently, so she wants Christian's brother to deliver it to her house.
Victoria has just spent 11 days in Cuba and she's going to Greece in the summer. William is taking a trip in August. William usually travels alone and meets friends on the way. Victoria is considering moving form Poland to New York or an Asian country.
Jeff has seen the landing of the TUI plane, which was scary. Liam is on the toilet.
Bryce saw "Infinity Wars" last week. Cindy has shared some spoilers from the movie with Emma. Emma will let Bryce know by Wednesday whether they will meet on Friday. Emma is going out with her sister shortly.
Anette's party is on Sunday. She will be serving snacks and wine. Virginie will attend. Guest may bring whatever they want.
Melania, Melissa and Jenny will do some shopping together this afternoon.
Victoria is amazed after watching Adele's Live Concert. Mark, Victoria and Kelly are also huge fans. Kelly's favorite song is Someone Like You and Victoria's favorite song is Water Under the Bridge.
Julia is sick, a rash is disappearing but she still has a fever. Robert feels sorry for her.
Meg is a bit unsure about going at Evelyn's because she doesn't know if she really wants her there.
Connor missed the bus as he had to talk to the teacher. Mom will pick him up from Randall's in 2 hours. Connor will text Mom the address.
The lecture starts in two hours.
Caroline has a strep throat.
Oscar, Eric, Robert and Marc concured on the site of the party. They choose to chip in 50-60 to but drinks. About 12 people are invited.
Henry and Ethan will catch up later to discuss the new album of the band they both like.
Nata will help Nancy pick out a new foundation.
Mumbi bought some bad tomatoes last night. He can hey some fresh vegetables at Miriam's. Mumbi will call Miriam.
Monica is looking for an apartment. Owen gives her some searching suggestions. Owen's new place is good, his roommates are away after work or for weekends. Monica will visit Owen on Thursday night or dinner.
Holly was forced to count coins for a demanding customer. Zach advises her not to do this kind of thing in the future.
They are not going to celebrate New Year's Eve at the place Greg proposed because it is too far. Matthew might be able to organise a party at his place after consultation with Meggy.
Barbara spent Christmas in Poland. This year there weren't so many people at her grandma's place. Samantha spent Christmas with her parents. Barbara is going to spend the New Year in Warsaw and then come back to the UK.
Tamara will meet with Constanza at the teen's center at 3 pm. She will try to persuade Leon to come with her.
Everybody will meet outside the cafe.
Mandy won't come probably because of Mary.
Emma is having a good time in Japan, her job is fine and she's sightseeing, but she feels out of place. Emma misses Danielle but doesn't know if she will return home for Christmas.
The exam Adrian took included information from every copy. Retake is next week.
Arnold is going to visit Lisa in 10 minutes.
Joanna likes public speaking and is good at it. Lee has to give a speech at work next week, because of his boss retiring. Lee is very nervous about the speech. Lee and Joanna will meet over the weekend, so Lee can rehearse the speech.
Jim is visiting Madera. Jim has a driving license. Jim is a vegetarian.
Holly couldn't meet with her friend to pick up her philosophy books because she got a flu, so Tina did it for her.
Anita hasn't painted anything for a year. She asked Ruby to give them another try, but Ruby refused.
Kyle wants to order medication online, but as he has a prescription he needs to show up in person.
George went for a coffee at Starbucks and a cat sat in his lap. Clara is jealous. George wanted to keep the cat.
There is a conflict between Japan and Russia about Kuril Islands.
Florence, Erin and Grace have ex 5 for homework.
Jay and Bucky scheduled to meet tomorrow to play together on the ps4.
Frances is at a meeting and cannot take Lauren's phone call. The meeting is boring so she plays Angry Birds. Lauren's birthday party is on Friday at her place. Frances will attend.
Sally won't be able to meet Anna on Monday because her mother fainted and is now in hospital. Anna will probably come in December.
Tom, Ivy and Sara are talking about Christmas. Sara got cosmetics and perfume. Tom is out of town.
Artur used the wrong equation in his previous homework, which Radek noticed.
Aaron booked a couples massage for himself and Harriet. They are going on Friday at 1pm. Before the massage they're going to the gym.
There is a new team leader replacing Clare. They find him attractive so Ellie and Henrietta are going to sign up for the gym on Saturday. Melinda will let them know tomorrow if she also decides to join.
Jeff is still sick after last night.
Paul is having a hard time assembling Ikea furniture Meggie bought. Lenny is going to help him with his drill-driver.
Arianna sends Pete the first draft of the document for him to review. He will do it by the end of the day.
Kenneth is busy and stressed.
Harry has just seen a scene with a dog in episode 2.
Elisabeth shares a photo and the recipe for blueberry muffins.
Bob and Dominic are already on the bus. They'll be at the station in about 15-20 minutes.
Diana and Marcus are travelling in Cuba. They are in Trinidad now. Leo, Yadany and Roci already miss them and are grateful for the presents received from them.
Marcus listens to BBC World Service every day. He prefers listening to music on Spotify. Audrey doesn't listen to the radio and doesn't have a radio set. Lucas doesn't have it either. Marcus advises her to listen to the radio online.
Gabriel and Eve have a meeting with Patrick in 20 minutes at Tate Modern. Patrick is at Tate Britain. He will join them in 5 minutes.
Dave will stay at Marciano's house at the beginning of the next month. Dave started going to events like pottery classes. Marciano is going to tell Tina about Dave.
Melanie got a gift from a Prince. Liam, Colin and Ciara are excited. Melanie is looking for love, but she is surrounded only by Italians.
Zach will get a hair trim at the Route 66 barbershop.
Alice and Madeleine will go together to check out the new clothing boutique at Day's Time Av. next weekend.
Kim owes Kelly 84.
Kylie is watching Madonna's videos, he still likes her. Reece thinks she's finished, while Kylie is defending her. Finally Reece and Kylie agree that they defy ageism, and don't want anyone to dictate them how to behave.
Ben is coming back on Monday. There will be nobody at the office at 4 today.
John and Tyre's neighbour stopped John in the staircase and talked about some miracles for 15 minutes. John thinks that religious people are stupid. Tyre disagrees with this generalization.
Mark dropped Angella off half an hour ago. Mark teases Angella about how he misses her. Mark and Angella have to work now, but will see each other in the evening.
Donald can't come to Jack as he has to talk to his wife about their divorce.
It's Eva's turn to make dinner.
Ana will come to Denis' birthday party tonight.
It was so funny for Joyce and Maria.
Phil sends Jason some photos of a car he intends to buy. It costs 8500 and the mileage is 29k. Jason says it's a bargain.
Zoe had a date with Daniel, it went well, but they didn't have sex.
Bella and Mick will have pizza.
Carrie started to watch Running Man. She watched 3 episodes in a row yesterday. Carrie and Andy like the cast and think that Running Man is amusing.
Rob will go to a pub tomorrow with his brother. He might come to visit Kaja after.
Hisham got drunk yesterday and probably left his wallet in Don's car.
Chris is going Interrail to Italy and France for a week-long holiday next week. He'll be sleeping in hotels besides the night train from Paris to Venice.
Agnes wants to throw a baby shower for Ursula and suggests designer clothes as a gift. Alice opts for more practical gifts so Kathy suggests a compromise. Agnes thinks her suggestion is better. Agnes removed Alice from the conversation. Kathy thinks it was mean but wants to move on.
Peter wants to buy a pink shirt. Jacob and Sam help him to choose one.
Paul doesn't understand why his coworkers have a crush on him. Floss thinks it's because he is physically attractive. His show has been renewed.
Ken and Ang watch old TV shows; they like some of it and dislike some old-fashioned episodes. They also do not like the current US President.
Victor informs Joan that he'll come and take a copy of her notes later on. Joan suggests Victor to call her when he arrives at the shoping centre and she'll direct Victor to her home area.
Ellen gave a dwarf to Ester for her birthday.
Adam is looking for 3 guys for the game tomorrow at 1. Tim can't come due to a family meeting, Jerry is still unwell, Terry will come, Todd will let him know later.
Marta is sending Preston their favourite GIF.
Emily and Stuart are planning a meeting. Emily can't take a day off later.
Piotr sends over a photo of the apartment once was Madison's. Carson notices it got renovated.
Richard and Hyacinth are going to Maria's.
Robert invited Pablo to hang out. They agreed to organise a party at 8.
Legend takes a shower. Aliza is at home.
Yasmine's friend is coming from New Zealand on Saturday and staying for the weekend before going to Dublin. Yasmine is planning to take her for a brunch on Sunday. Fiona is planning to go out on Saturday night.
Clara's motorbike broke in Thailand and she needs someone to help her communicate. Peter will ask his Thai friend.
Pauline'll pick Hans, Olga and their children up when they arrive on Friday at 1:20 pm. Before that Pauline'll have to ask somebody to take care of her children while she's absent.
Alan will buy bubble wrap to pack a vase.
Ben is waiting for Frank's report that was due yesterday morning. Ben requested Frank immediate presence in his office.
Veronica didn't get Bianca's postcard. Bianca sent it from Spain 2 months ago.
John can cover Kyle at work on Friday from 10-3.
Martin and Tim will meet in 5 minutes.
Takako has caught a cold. She will not go to the meeting with Don and the others. Instead, she will stay at home and rest.
Paul just got the Red Dead Redemption 2. He invites Rosa for a game. She is not into it.
Doris and Peggie are late.
Alan changed his plans and he will join Asher on Wednesday.
He looks like Johnny Depp.
Kelly's dad is ill and has to stay at home for a month. Kelly will visit him after work tomorrow. Maggie wants Kelly to be vigilant in terms of high-calorie foods.
Paul has a terrible cold today, so he won't come to the office. Erick will give Paul's presentation instead.
Shannon shares the news about Greg and Amy getting engaged. Noel doesn't know them. Shannon wrote him by mistake.
Fernandez has an exam tomorrow and can't go with Ian to Swan River for Christmas. He will take the Greyhound bus later and they will return to Winnipeg together.
Austin doesn't like potatoes, except for potato pancakes. Gina likes spring potatoes.
Ashlee and Bob are looking for their dog Cash. The dog went for a deer hunting again.
Daisy has scratched James's car but he does not mind.
Edie visited Sally.
Rebecca are candy today. Abigile found some restaurants for her and Rebecca to eat at.
Rose forgot her lunch. Josh is going to eat Rose's lunch.
Andrew's plane had technical problems at takeoff (the left engine started spitting flames). The pilots headed back to the San Jose airport and landed safely. Now they've been re-routed to Chicago and will be home tomorrow morning.
Richie has different opinion on the last episode of QaF than Richmond, Daphne and Penelope, and it turns out he watches the UK version whereas the others watch the USA version.
Matt is not a fan of Donnie Darko or Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Otto identifies with the second one because of his failed relationship.
Nally was chosen for an event marketing programme. Mogens wants Nally to send pictures whenever she eats.
Susan is on the 5th floor in the south wing. Paul will be there in 1 hour. Pieter will arrive in 1,5 - 2 hours.
Chris and his wife are going out together regularly. Each week the other one chooses what to do. They're going to play paintball next week. Marty is interested in joining them.
There is still 20% of the task left to complete.
Ronald and Nancy will park their car somewhere else on Andrea's request.
Ben will think about going to vine detestation next week.
Bob will buy some transparent nail polish for Blythe at Sephora.
Hersala, Pacifica's neighbour, disposes of Pacifica's mail containing personal information that Pacifica's husband didn't remove.
Tiffany and Andy get loads of spam emails. Tiffany subscribed to a newsletter to get special offers from her favorite online store.
Kate, Dan, Steve and Ada will have the seminar with Dr. Olsen tomorrow at 3 p.m. room 342.
Greg's sister is pregnant and her baby's name's Amber like Kevin's niece.
Victor applied for a position of an engineer in a company in Pakistan.
Suzie wants Mona to buy some apples and pears. Suzie will make an apple and pear tart.
Fiona wishes Anna a happy birthday.
There is a new girl working in the club. Her name is Jennifer. Olivia, Patty and Pauline think she has breast implants.
Linda has to vacate her apartment in 3 months. She refuses to ask people on Facebook if anyone has a place to rent, as Lisa suggested.
Mike wants to run the length of the Vistula next year. This is 1200 km in 12 days.
Trisha and Kylie will come to Lisa's place and they will have a movie night at valentines day. They will watch Bridget Jones again. Lisa's roommate can join if she brings wine.
Ron did not come to a gang night. Ron was busy, because he met in the mall the brunette with big eyes that he remembered from the club.
Chris went to Sawyer's and found out the prices are much higher here than in Bath. Ruth and Chris enjoy some aspects of the shop. Xavier is having a drink as he's meeting his cousins in the evening, that he dislikes.
Oliver does not have Tom's cell number but Sara does.
Destiny sent a photo to Samantha and Kenneth.
Jesse will collect Owen so that Ella can go for a meeting.
Peadar dropped his pint for the second time. He is sad about the rugby.
Dex and Jessica are supposed to read to chapter 11. Dex is already ahead, Jessica is behind.
Anne passed her driver's license test. She's going to celebrate with Jake, Vicki and John.
Ellington does workout and he believes he needs more protein. Alfie and Everard recommend Ellington to seek for professional advice. Harper thinks Ellington does not warmup properly.
Lia and Mia have been looking for Leo for two hours. Rebecca is with him in the bar now.
Jimmy, Tom and Rick are meeting for a beer at 7 p.m. at Morty's.
There was an explosion near Melissa's usual running spot. The cause was probably an old, faulty installation.
Afande is coming back in 10 minutes as the customers are waiting.
Albert shouldn't believe everything Greg, James and Ethan say, because they love gossiping and spreading out rumours.
As birthday present for Alice, Oliver and Sidney are going to take her to the impressionist exhibition then grab a coffee together. Alice has recently broken up with Mark. Alice is an introvert but likes talking about art.
Nina and Paula will meet tomorrow at around 9. Nina has some news for Paula.
Mark and Luke will go for a coffee break at work. Jake first needs to talk with his boss, who doesn't approve their long breaks from work.
Neville wants to meet up with Laurel some time this week, and she finds it strange as they usually don't hang out just the two of them. Neville wants Laurel's help ring shopping for Violet and she agrees enthusiastically.
Oliver has helped Margaret set up the party for tonight.
Sandy is going on holiday to New York and Vegas in January. She doesn't know is she should take the hairdryer with her. Melinda tells her not to do it.
Lindsay is bored at work.
Greg and Tom feel sick after eating chicken yesterday.
Maya got the job. Her current boss didn't give her the promotion in March, so she told her she might start looking for something. She has a month's notice, but she has 2 weeks of outstanding holiday, so she has only 2 weeks left at the office.
Emma made weed muffins and wants her sister, Sharon, to come over. Sharon is not a fan of this. Emma is coming tomorrow to play with Sharon's kids. They really like her.
Joyce cancels a meeting with James. She's not feeling very well and will just go home after work.
Lilia will play COD with Masen.
Max will make a volcano for his school project. Jerry hasn't figured it out yet.
Brenda and Liam are in room 5. In room 3 there's a bunch of Russians speaking English which Bredna couldn't understand. Donna's in room 3, because she likes the subject.
Joan is driving to Philadelphia on Saturday morning. Amanda will join her at 9:45 AM after bringing Charlie to his grandmother. The journey will take up to 90 minutes.
Paul cannot find a sandwich that he prepared to take to work. Monica thought it was an old sandwich, so she threw it away. She offers to make you a new one the next day.
Everyone came to Lia's to surprise her but she's in France.
Oscar will wait for a good moment to talk to Lilly.
Ewa, Mason and Jhordan attended tacos concert yesterday. Ewa thinks it was marvelous. Mason and Jhordan believe it wasn't that great.
Jessie shares a funny running video with Alison, Robin, Erica and Emily. Alison shares a funny video too. Robin's skating attempt was unsuccessful. Robin is laughing while her boss is watching her.
Gary, Dan, Owen, Eva, Alexander, Steffen, Kieran and Ben are going on a ferry journey on Friday, the 16th of November. Gary wants them to be at Malinche at 1 pm.
Rory's applying for an Australian visa. She decides to ask HR if she should select business or tourist option because neither Mikey, Maureen, Luke nor Daisy can't give her a clear answer.
Annie is housebound while recovering after childbirth. Desi was helpful only while on paternity leave. Desi's mother, Meena, has been helping Annie and teaching her how to cook. Shona wants Annie to go out with her on Saturday afternoon.
Vivian wants to come back to Ireland for winter.
Kira was sick, so she couldn't see Toby jumping out the window. Toby put his classmates into trouble, so they had to apologize for their bad behavior. Kira finds Toby hot, but Maddie prefers Zane. However, Zane probably date Kate. Anyway, Kira and Maddie will try to seduce Zane and Toby next Friday.
Emily is tired, because she worked a lot. She goes to sleep. She wakes up at 8 am, as she has a meeting at 9:30.
Caroline will stay at work until 3 pm. Tom is with clients, he will picl Laura from school at 3:30 pm. Tom will text Laura about it.
Emily is on a plane that is delayed for an hour.
Zoe is departing around 12 to be there at 3 pm. Owen's suit is ready.
Anthea is updating the recent program for the conference in two weeks. Jason wanted to amend a set of dates and Linda forwarded them to Anthea.
It's Teresa's first day at school tomorrow ans she's nervous about it. Mike will walk her to school.
Damon got a promotion but he is not sure if he's happy about it because he was thinking about changing the job. He may give it some time to see what happens.
Natalie will help Kate by doing the interpreter's work during Audio Video Show on 24-25 February. Natalie will support the non-English speaking Italian guest while communicating with visitors and journalists. The guest will receive Natalie's contact details and call her around 3 p.m.
Suzie and Kate met last night.
Max's willing to join Aaron for this week's comic con in Warsaw. Aaron'll buy the tickets. The event takes place on Saturday and Sunday but Max can only go on Saturday as he works on Sunday. Aaron and Max will meet at centrum metro at 11am.
Odin is busy, helping Zara to make a facebook account. Reyna can help Zara, she texted her already.
Ares is thankful for the video.
Martina sells Peking ducks, moulards and green legged cocks for 30 zl/kg and eggs for 0.8zl per one. Transportation and delivery are personalized. Martina's from Sierakow area. Magdalena buys chickens for 30zl per bird.
Claire can't meet with Leon. Claire's mum has to go to work and Claire can't leave her siblings alone. Claire and Leon will reschedule the meeting for next week.
Micah wants to meet up for a drink on Sunday but they're going to decide closer to the weekend.
Ron offers to order pizza for dinner. He wants Felicia to pay.
Adam is displeased with his HP laptop which broke down 3 times in a year. Kevin is an Asus fan.
Oliver is going to see "Call me by your name" and invites Oliver to join him. Oliver has already seen the movie, but wants to see it again, so he'll join Oliver in an hour when he'll have finished something.
Mary finishes her lessons at 2pm. Jack won't be there on time, so Mary has to wait for him in the common room.
Niamh sent Paul a video the recipient of which he wasn't meant to be. Paul will keep the film in is wank bank.
Dee Dee and Karen didn't have a credit card so the car rental company refused to lend them a car. In consequence, they lost the booking fee, which was frustrating. Otherwise their holiday is enjoyable.
Laura's fiance cheated on her with the blond from his work. The blond said it to Laura and now Laura wants to cancel the wedding. Briget is inviting over for prosecco.
Samantha and Bianca are going to meet at the store around 4 pm.
Jess suggests two videos for her first dance with Abby. Their wedding is in six months.
Nick will take 2 croissants from the canteen for Bart.
Sue ate vegan hot dog from Ikea and liked it.
Eric doesn't want to go to Amy and Tim tonight, because they are always arguing with each other.
Carol hasn't read the new book by King as his stories scare her. Ellen encourages Carol to read one of them until Carol promises to do so.
Sheri went ice swimming with her friend and wants to do it again. Eileen wouldn't dare but wants to have a look. Roddy will let them know.
Tasha and Lucas will have a pizza on Saturday. Lucas will ask his sister Sue as well.
Gary wants to see Dolce after lunch. As Dolce has another meeting this afternoon, they don't have too much time.
Tom has an important business meeting in two hours. He asks Hannah to prepare some clothes for him. Coffee and brownies are going to wait for him as well.
Lisa and Kendra don't know what to eat for dinner. Kendra does most of the cooking, although they're both busy at work. Lisa will think of something for dinner.
Lila hoped that Ana would come to Poland, because they will be skiing this weekend. Ana is very busy at work at the moment. Ana will check it out at work tomorrow and maybe she will come to Poland in the spring.
Luke and Tom are reciting a song lyrics.
Mattie will join Uncle John and Auntie for supper tonight.
There is a concert on 15th of March and Ben is coming.
Eve's having a party with the girls she works with and has gussied herself up.
George will bring Sasha 120 dollars to pay for a wallet of his choice.
Emily Roberts got married to professor Taylor, as Mateo says. There are pictures of their wedding on Facebook.
Nina was at a girls' weekend, they tanned on the beach, went on excursions and to the clubs. They are planning on going again in 6 months. Theresa will go with them.
Sylvia is going to pick up the Gap shoes, infant 6 tomorrow a 8 pm. Alana will meet her.
Ted is satisfied with his new job in analytics. Roberta thinks about changing hers.
Keith will leave for two days to his parents in York, to help them improve their old garden. Tom is okay with Keith coming back on Thursday but needs him on the phone. Keith's parents sold the car, so he will drive there and ferry them around a bit.
Caron is going to pay a visit to Jenny Morris Sharpei and her new boyfriend at around 7 pm. Caron is going to bring Luna over. Jenny Morris Sharpei will be able to have Luna for a few days in October.
Ian is going to Zoe's after school. Mommy wants to know if her mom is going to be home tomorrow.
Jacob's wife forbids him from seeing Oscar tomorrow.
Taylor graduated from Ag but did not get accepted to vetmed. He is planning to work or study for a couple of years.
Tom's shift changed again and starts at 6. Tom is not happy about it
Jack will send Poppy materials she asked for.
Erika and Marcus have a class in Room 243 today.
The electricity bill with the date 24th has not been paid. Mandy will make the payment.
Harley will bring some butter and some sugar for Thea.
Georgia was excited about the game that her team won. Todd's team fell apart.
Nat confirmed that they are coming to Sylvia.
Alexander is excited about a new film coming out and invites Karina to the cinema tonight, but she can't make it.
Lillian feels much better now and she's out of town on meetings. Layla has been feeling run down all weekend, she thinks it might be the flu. She hasn't been going to work for the last days. Lillian will call her later to check up on her.
Poppy will babysit Toby on Friday night from 8 till 11-12.
Brianna will buy two tickets for the 30 Billion concert from Jeff.
Leo, Dylan, Theo and Riley will play at the university during some event next month, and they'll be paid 300 bucks to share.
Alex sends Kasia notes that are a good guideline for the test. Kasia started reading the notes today at 6:45. Alex and Kasia feel the test went okay for them.
Danial was rude to the waiter today, and Emma doesn't believe in was a misunderstanding. Emma needs some time to forgive Danial.
Donovan sends Kyler the documentary. The file is quite big.
Steven and Greg are basketball fans. Their team's coach, Magic, is considering trading Lonzo, Kuzma, and Zubac for Davis. It might be a good addition to the team along LeBron.
Alice, Beatrix, Rufus and Michael have to read "Illness as Metaphor" by Sontag for Friday.
Monica, Eva and Alex will come to Mel's place at 4 pm on Sunday.
Karina won't meet Haydee in her hometown. Karina will be back on Monday afternoon, while Haydee's plane leaves on Sunday at 20:45.
Sam will be at bar Fiasco from 8pm tonight. Blake will join him and Barbara might also come. Samantha forgot her umbrella at Jeff's place and he will return it to her in a week.
Josh believes that Kosovo will unite with Albania. Ismail thinks it would destabilize the Balkans.
Aunt Maria is in hospital, she had a stroke. Jayden will call Micah in a minute.
Helen has problems with her back and her hip. She thinks about operation and talked about it with doctors and friends, who know the problem. However, she's not going to have her body operated, until she can't practice sports and other activities.
Harvey accuses Rachael of not picking his calls. Harvey is in the bar with his friends.
Dan doesn't know who has Dora's present. Sophie has it.
Carly and Rob talk about the dogs, Molly and Luna. They also talk about the weather. Lennon and his girlfriend are doing a car boot tomorrow. Carly will visit Rob.
Vanessa plans to buy a new phone and needs advice on a reasonably priced model. Lindsey recommends Galaxy s6 or s7 while Harry suggests iPhone 6.
Pat doesn't need to go to work today as everybody is out on projects. Lesley will let her know about tomorrow.
Page and Reseda are going to the convenience store to get some coffee.
Arthur, Sandra, Jacob and Walter are going to lake Bled at 6 am on Saturday for the weekend. They will stay at a hotel near the lake which is supposed to serve good goulashes. They are meeting at the usual place.
Sylvia reminds Howard that he should take his pills.
May and Jamie are meeting at 12 at Barbican to see Yayoi Kusama's art exhibition. She normally exhibits in the US and Japan only. Her exhibition finishes next week. May is on a trip next week. Claire is sick, so she can't go.
Donovan doesn't like the smell of Beverly's very expensive cheese.
Ella spent the night with Adrien. She is attracted to him. She is also very concerned about his mental state and past destructive behaviour.
Felicity wanted money from Joaquin to buy herself a new dress but he doesn't want to give her any more.
Nora will ask her hairdresser if she should get bangs.
Carmen has almost been hit by a car it's been raining for a week. She's upset.
Mrs. Johnson suggests how to improve the work of the current project. She recommends saving money for the future, more expensive needs. Mr. McKinnley agrees with her.
Dan needs Martia to transfer 2500 to the home account. Dan has to make a transfer quickly and it would take a day from his bank.
Derek, Mike, Allison and Robert will play jenga on Friday at 6 in the evening at the Theater.
Madison no longer needs Thom's help with the dog today. Her last meeting takes place in her area so she can take care of the dog herself.
Jeb and Cal discuss Donald Trump's sanctions on Iran and friendly relationship with North Korea's leader. Jeb and Cal mock both leaders' looks.
Eve and Cindy will drink wine together tonight.
Justin is flirting with Corinne.
Lily is coming to Graham's party in the evening. She's going to be there around 9 pm with some wine.
Linda will bring Hannah tea.
Lin, Kim and Shane aren't happy about the coming winter.
Anna suspects Chuck knows about her and Al. She doesn't care but Al feels guilty.
Jake is wondering if it is enough for their kitchen. It is 53 in lenght, 25 in width and costs $20. Miriam and Monique think it is too expensive.
Dan asks if Veronica has any plans for tonight. She doesn't know and is currently busy.
Donald left his lunchbox at Jayson's place yesterday. Jayson has a red and blue lunchbox at his house that aren't his. He will return one to Donald tomorrow.
Rob booked the Plaza at 8 p.m. Helen has to meet John at 7 p.m. She will bring Rob's jacket.
Jane and George are going swimming. Sandra reckons it's too cold. Sandra is going to the swimming pool and having a hot cup of tea afterwards.
Isla, Emmeline and maybe Nora are going to place an order together next week. Isla will order a calendar and Emmeline will order a calendar and a pink pen with flowers.
Leo needs Stan's advice as he wants to buy a pony for his daughter Dorothy. They'll all meet to discuss it at Leo's place at Hamilton West 305 on Saturday at 7 pm.
Colin and Kellie agree that human relations and abilities to form close bonds with others have deteriorated because of social media.
Conrad explains to Joanna why he likes football.
Carol and Mark are in Cuba. Carol is not fond of her stay because of the noise. Mark will have an operation on the 23rd.
Tom's coming to Gina tomorrow.
Jill has to go to a funereal and wants to drop her kids at Kate's. Kate would love to play with Jill's kids.
In 20 minutes Miller will help Aliza in cooking.
Greg invites Anna for spaghetti.
Chris and Jane will come over to Maggie to celebrate New Yearâ€™s Eve.
Matilda and Natalie will go back to Warsaw by car.
Holly will print all 3 files, she received from Jasper, as soon as he sends over a signed paper.
Jessica and Josh have a new dog. Jessica is worried that she won't be able to sleep. Kate is going to visit Jessica to see the dog.
Lucy has seen "Beautiful Boy" and she loved it. Juliana hasn't, so Lucy will go will her to the theater tomorrow. Lucy finishes work at 6 pm, Juliana at 5.30 pm. Juliana will pick Lucy up from work.
Greg will not go to the sales, even though on Sunday he agreed to go. Lynn is dissapointed.
Ivone used to much self-tanner and she is orange now. It doesn't come off, so she has to wait 2 weeks or so.
The morning class on Tuesday was cancelled. It will be postponed to a later date.
Reggie is in a shop and wants to buy presents for mum and dad. He's thinking about perfume for mum and a pipe for dad.
Jay needs some stuff from Phil.
Jackie shares a picture of her boots.
BÃ©atrice spent the whole afternoon with their mother today. She tried to sort out the issues of cleaning in her apartment and giving her a shower when she asks for it. Both BÃ©atrice and Annick think their mother receives a poor service for the money the home costs, though some caregivers are nice.
Mckenzie has been busy recently. He is seeing Bruce this weekend.
Claire is unhappy about her neighbour becoming an MP.
Maya had to get a new phone, as she drowned the old one in the toilet.
Theresa's grandmother is not in the best shape. Theresa needs to stay with her and won't meet Dylan at a preestablished time.
Denise and Lori are both in tent number 8.
Jim is in the Old Town and has had some mulled wine there. Ellen will not join him for a walk because she vomited last night and prefers to stay in bed. Ellen and Jim are expecting a baby.
Jake's apartment was burglarized. The TV and the computer were stolen. The computer contains confidential files. The police says they probably won't find the stolen objects. Jake is scared.
Peter will order food from Curry Heaven for Susan, Mark and Mike.
Johnny has some extra class after school so he will come back home by himself by bus. His father Tod may therefore drink a pint with his friend.
A went to Vietnam for a surgery conference held once a year. B went to three different events during this weekend, including one on health-related issues. They will meet on Wednesday to catch up.
Gisela will see if she can find the video of Bryan Cranston was on Jimmy Kimmel from last night. She didn't finish watching all the "Breaking Bad" seasons yet. Topher's favourite is the fifth season and Gisela is planning to start watching it tonight.
George asks Peter about Brexit. Peter is upset about this topic. In his opinion the politicians don't work effectively. For Peter the simplest thing to do would be to withdraw Article 50, stay in and make much trouble for Merkel and Macron. Peter would rather talk about something else.
Maciek will present his research next month.
Jennifer made sushi according to Chloe's recipe. Chloe is celebrating the release of Beaujolais nouveau wine.
Sally sent the material to Hannah. It was not complete. Sally is tired. She still has to write to her editor. In the morning she will send the complete material.
Kate's horoscope suggests she will be lucky with money, but Kate is afraid her boss won't give her a raise.
Macy is posting photos and asking Sergio's opinion about a pair of pants for her. He dislikes the red ones and suggests the grey and blue ones, which Macy may consider.
Dan and Ken will meet tomorrow to talk about Dan's script idea.
Pat got scented candles as a thank you gift from Anthony. He needed legal expertise and Pat helped him to finish the project.
Karen is afraid Jay has a problem with alcohol. He comes home drunk every day.
Joseph thinks the diamond is visible in the model with six holds that Manesh has sent him.
Miles is going to play football after school. The last time Jamie and Miles played football together they made mistakes during the game.
Tristan will come to a wedding with Carolyn on her request.
Jacqueline will order more meals from Kaylee next week. Kaylee and another girl from the gym prepare the meals together. Kaylee will send Jacqueline the menu for the next week tomorrow.
Rudy and Rasheed are watching their old photos from 2010 and reminiscing on their old love.
Joan will send Betty contact to reliable movers, as she moved to a new house.
Russ and Jody are going trick-or-treating tonight. Jody has to finish her witch costume. Russ is going to surprise Jody with his costume.
Lana and Travis are talking about his trip to Greece and Albania. He liked Greece more. Travis and Luna will see each other in the office on Monday. Lana will probably go on holiday in September.
Leon won't drink too much on Pierre's request.
Kayla is writing the essay about Christian denominations and has some questions. Anca explains they have a patriarch instead of pope. Milena mentions Constantinople as a symbolic place where everything is decided.
Martin is crashing on Allie and Myra's couch next weekend. He is bringing wine and chocolate.
Ben is hungry and doesn't want to eat his roommate's food. Ben and Donna will meet for Thai food. She will text him the whereabouts.
Cathy and Feyi are going to attend a dinner. Cathy will possibly pay Feyi a visit later and borrow something to wear for the dinner.
Vanessa is trying to take a flight back to New York. Unfortunately, her name wasn't in the airport system and so she's trying to book another plane ticket. Lucas will collect her from the airport.
Eric, Jamie, Quinn and Nicki will meet up on Saturday and cook together.
Phil will bring a Greek Salad today.
Patrick and Ella enjoyed karaoke last night. They will go to Kangaroo Boy on Friday.
Next week Jacob will come to New York. He will stay there for 2 weeks. He will see his family and have a job interview at Delta. He will live at his ex stepdad.
Jill is organising a baby shower. Katy will set up a doodle spreadsheet to choose a date.
Bernadette made kimchi. Juno is impressed.
Kadisha and Waldemar share funny videos.
Charlie does not know which room he has to go to tomorrow for a defence of his bachelor's thesis. He cannot reach his friend on the phone and ask her. Julie finds his idea to message his thesis advisor good.
Dennis has been talking to people for 5 hours and he was able to find a common ground with some of them, others rejected him. Simona's watching the last episode of John Oliver now.
A new female employee has been hired at the Marketing department. Patrick finds her sexually attractive and intends to flirt with her. A rumour has it she is married.
Alice wants to make DIY beauty products. Janet doesn't want to make cosmetics herself, but Ella and Sam already make them. Alice will look for recipes online and start with body and hair products. If she likes them, she'll try face products.
Daria is upset with Andy that he was too busy talking to his football friends and didn't talk to her at yesterday's party. They will meet for coffee at Josie's at 4 pm.
Nancy and Zoe like the music and plot of the new Lady Gaga film. Zoe likes Lady Gaga and Nancy likes Bradley Cooper. They want to watch it again.
Maria ordered chicken wings.
Ellie didn't have time to study because she went shopping with her mother and got a new skirt she will wear to school tomorrow. Sara is worried she might be grounded because of her poor grades.
Richard, Anne-Sohpie, Bhagya, Sara, Sean, Janunsz, Daniel and Myra disagree on matters connected with feminism.
Becky has terrible menstrual cramps. Tabby and Kelly think Becky should check it out with a doctor.
Archie will not go out with his friends because uncle Steven is coming today.
Rayburn is organizing scrabble night tomorrow. The winner gets big bottle of alcohol.
Otto went to One Direction concert with his family last weekend. He didn't tell Regan. The next concert is in LA next week.
Don is at the bar. Sandy wants G&T. Sharky wants a pint of Kronenberg. Wesley and Jeff want doombar.
Peter is moving to a new flat. Josh wants to visit him in Portugal. Peter's been playing Spiderman 4 and reckons it's a bit expensive but worth the money.
Leslie wants to know a person who does Anne's hair. There is a stylist in Colorado st called Nina. Anne will send Leslie her number.
Laurie will help Damon to make an Anduin armor tomorrow at 5 pm. She is good at carving lion faces. Marilyn will drop by after she runs her errands.
Joseph is in Kathmandu 6 months so far. Laura was in Jerusalem some time ago and she might go on the Camino next year.
Karen can't work because she hasn't got childcare. Julie expects she will work with someone new. Maureen rang in sick again.
Rob doesn't want a Christmas banner on the main page, but according to Caron, he will talk different next year when he has a baby.
Emily wants to know more about the gym Jerry talked about. It's well ventilated and there's plenty of room. The fitness trainers are ACSM certified. The fee is not that expensive. Emily's father wants to join her. It's been 3 months since Jerry started to go there.
Tom had a job interview. The potential employer hasn't called him yet. Dean calms him down.
Scarlett is in the bus with no toilet so she's afraid to drink anything even though it's 35 degrees. Andrew prefers his 10 degrees outside.
Evan shares a drunk picture of Jayson.
William and Ann are going on vacation to the Azores after datin for 6 months.
Paul had a car accident and is in hospital. Patricia and Monica wonder if they should visit him.
Chad is on a Cowboys game with his sister on VIP passes.
Margie asks Helen to put her personal notebook in one of the drawers as she left it on her desk and she's not coming back for at least a week.
Amanda is with Toby and her partner at a Christmas Market. They bought lots of sweets and some Christmas decorations.
Jack or Harry will open the practice room for Oliver shortly.
Maya got back from China yesterday. Maya will tell Tom all about the trip in person. Maya doesn't like flying. Maya will call Tom in the morning to tell him if they're meeting tomorrow, as she may go shopping with her mom.
Emma wants to visit Jose and Marie who are in Sucre because she thinks she's got altitude sickness in La Paz. Kate is still in Europe.
Simona's channels name is her real name too.
Wendy is scared of what is going to happen tomorrow. If all is well, Wendy will be out of the hospital on Saturday.
Danny has bought something that Shane finds cool.
Dave doesn't understand why everybody is so obsessed by political correctness. Paolo doesn't get offended and finds it funny. Anna doesn't seem to like it but is patient.
Paula bought a dress for a wedding reception. She and Derek are going there on Saturday.
Amanda dyed her hair a new color.
Dixie ate haloumi raw as Jason didn't mention that she should cook it.
Jason has texted Marc, who is going to replace Hazel today, as she has to go see her mother. By tomorrow 3 p.m. she will let Jason know if she's going to come on Tuesday.
Susie has to wait a bit for a contractor who is stuck in traffic. Susie will call Sean when CPS finishes their job.
Lang found an xbox on ebay. He's been looking for it for a month. Hugo and Lang are meeting tomorrow to assess its condition.
The restaurant that Aubrey and Lisa went to last night smelled bad. Aubrey is going to leave a bad review online.
Hayley wants to know where Rodrigo was last night.
That actress is amazing. They consider booking tickets for Chekhov's "Three Sisters" later this year to see her perform.
Miley has issues with sleep and will consult her doctor tomorrow.
Kylie has injured her finger but is feeling better now.
Ann and Mona should read "The Petit Prince" for tomorrow.
They want to go to Paris for New Year's Eve. Ella has not been to Paris and she looks forward to seeing the Louvre with Carter. Scarlett hopes Jeff will accept the plan.
Alice is watching Dexter. Alex has seen all episodes.
Barry, Kelly and Jen are trying to find a date in June convenient for everyone for a trip.
Jason's got a new job and is really busy. Sarah's looking for a job, Jason gives her some advice. She will try xyz cafe tonight.
Betty is at the doctor's with Granny. Paul is looking for Granny's hearing aid and finds it on Toby's pillow.
Brandon and Sheila want to see New Queen movie. Sheila wants to go out as a group to prevent her mum freaking out. Brandon will ask Kayla and Brent to join them.
Norma has completed homework for tomorrow.
Gred sends Patrick a file with recipes that he got from the internet and chefs.
Bill just shared the video from last week's trip with Tom and Martha.
Shane is considering deleting her online dating profile after discovering her date is already married. Nina believes there are good guys out there and bad experiences make good stories.
Ella has bought new garden furniture and wants Frank to build a bonfire for them. Frank will come over tomorrow to measure up and give a quote on Wednesday. Frank needs to know whether to order materials by Monday. Ella is at home tomorrow but wants Frank to call half an hour earlier.
Marissa would like to join an English speaking course. As she doesn't have time for a level test, Irving will send her information booklets via email so that she can make up her mind.
Tom is breaking up with Linda. He will not stand her disrespectful behaviour any more.
Jeremy tells Mark that somebody dies in the new episode of GOT.
Dan is waiting downstairs. Monica is ready to go.
Shane is going shopping to Tesco and asks Tina if she needs anything. She does not but may text him in case she thought otherwise.
Adam has a problem with charging his phone. Nick recommends using an induction charger.
Martin will prepare a letter of authority for Joe.
Donna looks good in a dress that costs $150. She will wait till it goes on sale.
The Body Shop was opened in the city.
Kitty and Nicky love the new album by Tom Odell.
Elijah had over 40 guests at his party. It was a great fun. William misses the college parties, but not studying. He was an all-A-grade student, now he has a job, but no money.
Debbie will see Chris in 10 minutes.
Anna's aunt Rosie wrote to her that  she's coming back home from Austria in a week and that she's getting married.
Stacy and Donovan are fine. There was a game last night.
Corbin would like to buy his mother a dress for birthday. Jenna suggests a shop where he can get one and offers help.
Jackie decided to become a history teacher in elementary school, after her friend Beth told her about the opening. Jackie, who has a major degree in history, loves the job as she wants to shape minds of young people.
Mark will visit a client.
Isobel, Lilly, Daisy, Yordy, Henry, Gemma and Emma are preparing a party. Lilly, Henry and Daisy will take care of food. Gemma and Yordy will look for a present. Emma will get decorations.
Kate is going to the vet with her cat, Bonzo, because he has a stomachache. Jake is going to get Kate and Bonzo. The cat is constipated.
Isabel wants her books back but Doug still needs them, too, in order to make some notes and photocopies. They agree that he returns them to Isabel before dinner at the latest.
Noah, Jack, Emily, Harry, Olivia, George and Kelly has worked together as a team and it was succesful.
June is going to be at mom's in 10 minutes.
Vicky was criticized by her mother during family dinner today even though Vicky's father supported her decisions. Vicky's brother Frank makes her feel better.
Maggie is going to take her stained dress to the Codds' drycleaner that Angela recommends. Angela will share their contact details.
Garrett's new pillow is not as comfortable as he had expected. He will give it another chance tonight.
Teresa has found Suzie's bag.
Dr Smith took care of Hugh's toothache. Wade wants to make a dental appointment tomorrow.
The offer Henry is interested in concerns only 3 least expensive items.
Kitty, Jim and Kimberly don't have a morning class on Tuesday, but it will be scheduled next class.
Lucas Sally is sending Katherine Dome the formal invitation to participate in a project organized by his company. She's available 30 hours weekly and she can meet for a short interview this week.
Laura has found her and Veronica's teenage photos.
Ashley has broken up with Josh on suspicion that he cheated on her with Payton. Josh is in denial.
Joe needs to have his watches repaired and asks Angel to get it done. Angel doesn't want to take money for it, but Joe insists he'll pay her back or she can take the money from the joint account.
Andre has found a job offer at Google for German speakers in Lisbon. Hanna is interested. Andre has been living in Italy for 4 years. Both he and Hanna like Italian and Portuguese cuisine.
Timothy has been walking a lot lately for her own health. She has calluses on her heel now.
Nick is joking with Helen that he forgot the contract, but in fact he'll be right there.
Darius proposed his friends a walk in Central Park.
Alex overheard Lucy telling Maddie she is pregnant with Luis from the project development department.
Aurora has a new haircut.
Ann applied for postgraduate studies. Ann wants to apply for a paid internship to gain experience. Ann is ready to cut back on things for a couple of months.
Chrissy and Tara are coming to Pauline to have pizza.
Patience is watching TV. Kenna is going to the store to buy some orange juice.
He is off and he will be back in 2 weeks. The minister also is off. Julia arrive on 7th. She and Sunny will visit Eva.
Greg is going to pick up John and will be back in an hour. He will buy some eggs on Kate's request on his way back.
Tessy had oat for breakfast yesterday and the day before. She is not sure if she is going to gain weight. Tessy will call Chris and they will go out and eat ice cream.
Annie misses the times they used to hang out together. Winston prefers his adult independent life.
Natalie will probably spend her birthday with her family, going out for dinner. Nothing big this year as Gustav can't join in.
Joyce shares pictures of her kayaking for 6 hours. She will stay there overnight and return tomorrow.
Martha had a hen party in Rome. She was there with the girls and they ate a lot of pizza, drink a lof of wine, did some sightseeing, but were mostly partying. Martha and Julie will meet and then Martha will tell her about it.
Regina likes to read books, watch TV series and embroider in her free time. Eric finds the latter unusual. Regina finds it relaxing. Regina bought a finger pad after making the first few embroideries.
Jeffery and Cynthia are discussing a shopping list. Jeffery is going to buy eggs, tomatoes, sugar, bread, cocoa and a washing liquid.
The team that Luisa and Rene were rooting for won.
Dominic, Jason and Louis are going on an integration trip. There's a mountain trek planned there, and the weather forecast is not too optimistic, so they should take comfortable shoes and rain jackets.
Kathy was very concerned about Jeff leaving early yesterday. jeff had to go to the dentist.
Peter and his girlfriend enjoy watching ice skating. He would like to watch porn with her. Kevin also likes watching ice skating.
Tina won't come this Saturday. Tina has relationship problems with John and needs to talk to him. Tina prefers not to discuss it on messenger. Jane will call Tina when she gets home from work.
Sallie will go for a date with Emil to Ed Sheeran concert.
Frank is on the bus. Peter can meet the guys halfway, at Euston. Stacy is not coming because she has an emergency at work.
Julian cancels tonight's show at Blind Goose and wants to reschedule for next Tuesday depending on the weather. Brady can't attend.
Lily explains to Marco how to prepare ginger. It needs to be grated and brewed.
Jack stopped watching Bojack because it became annoying. Kevin is hangover and he needs to shower.
Ann has a birthday next Wednesday.
Bobby is going to start a project in August. Adam will be available but Michael is already occupied with another project.
Hannah saw a picture of Max fucking Lilly at Stevens. Hannah has been trying to call Max for about an hour. Max will be at her home in 20 minutes and they will talk.
Yuri and Tom agree that the gif resembles the pirate.
There is a typhoon around Regina's place. Hugo thinks she should remain inside.
Elisabeth reminds John and Rick about writing a thousand-word essay on the future or globalization for tomorrow.
Mary has done 6 pomodori so far, while Gabrielle has done 7, Jack 4, Adrienne 8, and Emma 10.
Charlie is not happy with his new iPhone X. James is not going to buy it. Annie was in Senegal, she liked it and would like to go again. Annie and Charlie are thinking of visiting Argentina in May.
Joanna's parents came over this weekend and left her a lot of apples so she made an apple pie. Jacek and Alex will come and try it after class. Ula will too, if she is free after work.
Bill had an emergency op in his eye due to a retina displacement. He had 5 tears in his retina, probably caused by the cataract op. Now he's recovering and he can see some fuzzy outline of objects, with distorted colors. He needs to reduce his physical activity and refrain from alcohol.
Mark will pick Lucy up in 10 minutes and they will buy a new mattress.
Robin is coming tomorrow. The children can't wait. Clara will pick Robin up from the train station.
Xavier wants to take Kelly to the new cinema where some old-school films are shown. They agreed to cook and eat together at Xavier's place before going to the cinema.
Paula and Jim have paid for the entrance but didn't receive confirmations. They will print out their bank receipts.
Jennifer is angry with Melanie. Melanie says it wasn't her fault, but Jennifer does not believe her.
Mark, Sarah, Jack and Hannah are going to the mountains next weekend. The room for 4 nights costs $400; it's $100 each. They will drive in Mark's car. The place they'll be staying at has a kitchen, so they will bring their own food to cook. They are going to meet at Mark's place on Saturday at 10.
Susan broke a tire in her car. Susan has a boyfriend called Tom. Her dad Phil advised her to ask him for a tire change.
Austin has missed his bus and has to wait 15 min for another one. Calvin will start without him.
David cancels tonight's lesson with Frank. They will meet same time next Friday. Frank will email him the materials meant to cover tonight. In the future, David needs to inform Frank about canceling at least 24 hours in advance.
Mia's train gets to Newcastle at 5.30. Kat will pick Mia up after work. Mia will have to wait for Kat. Mia will text Kat before she arrives at about 5.
Minnie and Xavier will check if they have Philip's book by Proust.
Victoria's going downtown to order a new pair of glasses and asks Sarah to join her. Sarah agrees to be picked up by Victoria in 20 minutes.
Ava wants to see Richard and Bella tomorrow to discuss their bad test results. Richard studied for the test together with Bella. If his results don't improve, Ava will contact his parents.
Sadie is sending Samantha birthday wishes.
John has watched a talk about the important elements of startups and found out the most important element is timing.
Emma thanks Jo, Ted, Jennifer and Emma for an amazing time they had together, as well as for their presence and gifts.
Lucas and Jordan are at home. They forgot to wait for Mike after school.
Seline's boyfriend James is out of town for a conference. She is messing with him about her being jealous. She wants him to bring food for them. James will buy pizza on his way home.
Maggie can't sleep and she keeps thinking about what happened at school. Kate will talk with her about it tomorrow.
Jess is coming to Seattle. She will come to Aron's place around 9 pm and they will go for a beer.
Max is coming to see Iza. He is two bus stops away.
Luis and Margot convinced Devin to go to the Christmas party.
Laura and Raquel have got a cold. Laura's boyfriend made her brownies and tomato soup. She wishes to marry him soon. Raquel is all alone at home and her last boyfriend was very selfish. Laura and Sarah cheer her up. Raquel will drink tea with ginger and honey.
Josh was kissing Melody.
Nick will arrive in 10 minutes.
Natasha and Cynthia left.
Robert and Michael watched a few episodes of "Parks and recreation".
Nick cannot talk right now.
Doreen managed to post Billy's article but she had to do some corrections to it.
Martha probably suffers from Hashimoto disease. She has to run some blood tests to confirm the diagnosis.
Kelly is making Rocky Road. Crista is making a cake as well. Crista will sort out the teas and coffees.
Chris will buy bread, butter and orange juice. Chris and Olivia will watch "Fast and Furious" later. Olivia often falls asleep on movies.
Cora left her phone at Darcy's place.
Peter will have a hamburger.
Tabby and Michael are having relationship issues. They have different views on life. Michael claims to love Tabby, but she isn't satisfied with just that.
Sarah is organizing a biliards competition next Monday. Victor will join them.
Jed and Nailah are going to meet at 6 pm today to play badminton.
Matt is worried about people gossiping about him in the office. Matt sent an email to his boss and to Harris by mistake. Amy will try to stop Harris.
Sara is at her parent's. Her father is sleeping next to her.  She will call Victoria tomorrow around noon.
Carson's outside Sasktel centre while Jake's in the bathroom.
Anne has a fever, she won't come to the office. She'll see a doctor in the afternoon.
Julia posted on Facebook that she is looking for vegan places to eat and John started accusing her of ruining the country's economy. He is someone who likes picking up random fights, especially after alcohol, and he hates vegans.
Paul, Mike and Kate want to play Super Mario.
Andy is very excited as he has asked April to marry him. The wedding is in 2 months and Christian is invited.
Jenny and Rob have their first wedding anniversary today.
Bria's landing around 3 pm. Conner will be waiting for her.
Laura was asked by mom to buy groceries for the whole week, but she must finish her school project, so she asks Martha to do the shopping. She should buy some meat, fish, vegetables, some snacks and something for breakfast.
Barbara should buy it. She could also buy red shoes.
Josh broadcast his music on youtube and got 7000 views. He was then contacted by a record company and will release an album.
Greg is going to BCN for New Years Eve, he got cheap tickets at 25 GBP return. Kyle doesn't know his plans yet, Anna wants to stay with her parents, whereas he wants to go skiing. They might go to BCN as well.
Cody and Nelson have to clean a flat tomorrow. Nelson will be there at 8:30 am. Cody wants Nelson to clean the bathroom. Cody will take care of the bedrooms.
Victor is asking Teo for any valentine suggestions but Teo has never had anyone. Victor thinks Teo is so gentle by taking care of old ladies. Moreover, Victor thinks that Teo is gay but Teo aggressively disagrees.
Lee was bitten by a dog on the leg but he's fine.
Jay got a new computer yesterday. He's satisfied with the performance of his computer. Jay and Gary will play Overwatch.
Hortense and Celine are going to Rue de la Paix for dinner at 7 pm.
Caroline will be back home in 2 hours, so she won't meet with Katie who's in her neighborhood right now.
Uncle Billy thought that Abbie's mom ordered scissors to trim his nose hairs. Her mom ordered them for the cats' claws.
David met Amanda "Mandy" Bower and Mollie notices she had a few plastic surgeries and looks different than at high school.
Sue and Peter are going to visit Veronica, Victoria and Joe, but their plane is delayed due to a snowstorm. After waiting on the airport for more than three hours, they will finally take off.
Anna is sick and Mary advised her to stay at home.
Jeff's car died on his way back home.
Chris is not joining Marty and Bernie. They are thinking about inviting Rocket.
Penny and Stan wish each other Merry Christmas.
The keys are always in the White Room.
Bernie, Chris and Marty are going to meet, they may take their female companions.
Jackson is on a trip. His journey on the train is not pleasant. He is annoyed by one of the passengers. The train is delayed because of an accident on the railway. Jackson will contact Aubrey once he arrives in the hotel.
Mira and Kara are going to meet at the mall because they need to talk.
John got feedback from the girls today. He made many mistakes in his texts and he's afraid he'll get fired. He bought a new laptop and is now in debt.
Amy had a wedding planner. Tom was responsible for the DJ and the alcohol.
Martha is getting ready for Lee.
Kate didn't get in the school exchange to the USA. Lennart didn't want the basketball scholarship.
John suggests he and Pauline go to visit his cousin who has just split up with his girlfriend. She agrees although she implies the cousin might not be too enthusiastic about guests. Another suggestion of John, which is going camping, is rejected by Pauline.
Penelope is sick. Peyton will pick up the books from the library. Luca brought Penelope cough syrup and painkillers.
Ben visited Thailand, and he was working remotely during that time. Ben is going to stay at Mark's place for the next two weeks. Tomorrow, Ben and Mark are going to watch a game on Mark's new TV.
The meeting focusing on future investments is tomorrow.
John is interested in the apartment. John works in the neighborhood. John will come to Anna today at 6:30 to see the apartment.
Rebecca will make a selection of photos featuring Polly's parents when they were young. She will deliver them to Polly next weekend.
Tina is angry with Derek because he won't do the dishes.
Mike is celebrating Valentine's day with Cabernet. Meg wonders if she can join him.
Wendy is looking for a show recommendation on Netflix. Gina suggests a number of shows and Wendy decides to watch the latest season of Lost Kingdom.
Mila will go alone to Menchies. Mikhail and Kasia went there yesterday.
Sue and Fran are going to the theatre tomorrow at 8.
The national congress takes place in Warsaw, 12-13.01. Maria needs a logistician. Tim and Jada can't come. Raphael doesn't want to, but finally agrees.
Erik has been to China, where he took many photos documenting the life of the country and its people.
Sierra has spent 13 mins queuing on Ormeau. Isabel couldn't buy translink tickets at SU because of the queque; she will try buying them at the station or in Centra. There was an accident on the main road to the international airport, so the visitors from Dublin may be late.
Dean is studying a lot so he wanted to invite Laura for dinner tonight. Laura promised she would help her mum tonight. Laura and Dean will have dinner tomorrow.
Steve is coming over to see the car Rudolph received from his dad.
Crista will give Paul a lift to work tomorrow about 8 o'clock.
A girl was murdered by a 26-year-old in New Zealand. They met on Tinder. She was last seen at his company on 1st December.
Frank passed his physics ecam. Frank will help Linda study for her history exam that is next week. Linda will be in the library from 14:30 PM, Frank will join 15:15.
Michael is looking for a good fish shop. Kate usually buys fresh fish at markets.
Paige has a new, interesting kettle.
The concert is in Hall 5. John is waiting near the gate.
Nancy doesn't want to bring Carlos for her uncle's birthday, because uncle Tom wouldn't appreciate Nancy and Carlos being together. Carlos is mad and he realizes Nancy doesn't treat their relationship as seriously as he does. Even though Nancy believes it's all about fun, she claims to love Carlos.
Mia is wondering if Sam is living alone or with Mary. Carl doesn't know because he hasn't been with Ian at Sam's place.
Tommy checked Paul's train online. It's not late.
Honey overslept, she is borrowing Sam's notes from morning classes.
Maya wishes a happy birthday to Eva.
Cheryl doesn't have her phone on her and is waiting for Megan outside.
Agnes likes Nescafe coffee machine. Claudio wants to get one.
James is thinking about getting a new console and asks for Brian's opinion and advice on PS4 and Xbox One. PlayStation have better and more varied exclusive games.
Kate wants to know what Samantha is texting Mark and sending him phrases like "You are the sunshine of my life" or "I can't wait to see you again". Samantha is just a colleague. Mark made love with her once. Kate wants a divorce.
Monica suggests to Nathan that he should check Wizz for cheap flights to Rome. Everything has been sold.
Uncle Stephen Died of heart attack. Grandpa is crushed. Ryan will check up on him after work.
Sophia and Mason have been married for 2 years.
Clark is changing jobs. People gossip about possible reasons why he's leaving the corporation. In fact it was a combination of different factors. Kate has to stay in the job because she took a mortgage last year and has children to keep.
Daniel's ex-girlfriend broke up with him. Daniel is still depressed and in love with her. Jess wants to cheer Daniel up and take him out this weekend.
Viki is in Canada, and she needs some winter clothes. Daki will send them tomorrow via post, which will cost him around 50 euro.
Rob and Juan did panel that went great. Clarise tells Hugh the guy who chaired Rob's panel was a dick and asked him diminishing questions. Rob answered brilliantly mocking the guy. Rob, Juan, Hugh and Clarice are going to the drink later.
Georgia, Michaela and Daniela will have a picnic at the botanic garden.
It's cold in the gym today.
Greg will come back in an hour. Christine is too tired to wait, so she's going to sleep.
Mark is organizing a trip to mountains next weekend and wants to take his car. It will be $100 for each person for 4 nights. Mark wants to meet with everyne on Saturday at 10 at his place.
Some women were murdered.
Przemek from the IT department annoys Janek. Milena tells Janek to ignore Przemek.
Ian has asked Maria to marry him to preserve his rights in Italy after Brexit as this is the least complicated option for him. Maria refused. Maria was born in Romania and doesn't feel genuinely Italian. Ian is upset with Maria.
Lynn will give Anton a lift. He has a blue Clio. They will meet at the train station around 4 pm tomorrow.
Cindy finds Maybelline too expensive. Daisy gives Anne the link to a website with cheaper cosmetics.
Ridley and Steven are tired because of last night.
Nathan has given the white jacket to Nathan, so Zoey can take it from him.
Alice asks what she should get for Freddie's birthday. Beth suggests play doh that Freddie loves.
Mickey will take Lauren's shift this Friday. Lauren will take Mickey's shift next Thursday in exchange.
Sara's 7-year-old daughter Kyla will take part in a beauty pageant and Martha thinks putting too much make up on her will make her look unnatural. Martha agrees with Sara's sister who thinks that Kyla might have a distorted image of herself in the future.
Angie will put aside a big portion of chili for Charlotte.
Mary fainted in a library. A librarian called an ambulance and Steve. The paramedics suspect Mary has heart issues. Mary will have more tests next week. Gary is going to visit Mary next weekend.
Adam got an F for his assignment, because it was off-topic. Karol's role was to inform Adam.
Jen's looking for a present for her sister's 30th birthday. Following David's advice she will get her a Waterstones voucher, because she likes reading books.
Laura is going to Wal-Mart. Eric wants to start planning their holiday. Eric feels nothing he does means anything. Laura won't talk to Eric when he's like that.
Nicky's cancelling this Wednesday's meeting with Kim and Sam. She'll get in touch to reschedule.
Emma didn't invite Ethan to the party, but someone informed him about it. Emma will say sorry to Ethan later.
Tracy wants to go to her hometown on Saturday at 9.30 am. Tracy has a dentist's appointment at 11. Then Tracy and Joe will start preparing the party. Tracy needs to go to Warsaw Sunday at 9.30 am as she has a trial in a theatre at 11 am. Tracy will book a table for tonight at 9 pm.
Armando will bring lactose free smoothies to Vivi's place at 5.
Jean and Brigitte are unhappy with the results of the referendum. The turnout was 80.63% with 43.60% of votes being yes.
Jake has a dinner party tomorrow night. Jake and Amy want to see the movie 'Bohemian Rhapsody'. They also talk about the books they've recently read. Amy read 'Metro 2033' and Jake - 'Sapiens: Brief History of Humankind'.
Josephine wants Trevor to come over and cook something, but not beef.
Dick is disturbing Jane because he wants to talk to her but she is working now. Dick is getting on Jane's nerves but she agrees to have lunch with him. They will see each other in the smoking room.
Nicole is working at the National Library and finishes at 10PM. Nicole is eager to have a beer with Alex at the bookstore bar afterwards.
Thomas did not get up yet. Jennie left something for Thomas in the kitchen .
Jack has a lot of work at Uni and Jack works as a postman, but they found time to meet in Spoons around 8 tomorrow. Jack's sister is dating Ramon, a Spanish guy, so Jez will look for other ladies.
Gilberto is eager to get more selfies from Charity.
Bartek sent a photo of him in Greece to his dad, Tomek. Tomek did not know how to open the picture.
Krzysztof and Alek are going to go to the gym together tomorrow evening.
Daniel returned at 5:30 am last night. Emma is coming to Italy on Wednesday. Daniel fell in love with a married foreign girl that he was hosting but eventually nothing came of it. He ended up in the other girl's house.
Lora doesn't want to talk to him and won't unblock him.
Rivika doesn't like her neighbourhood because they play loud music at night. Rivika will ask her mom to go to their place and talk to them.
Felix has no idea what to buy Meggy for her birthday, so Elsa suggests he should buy new headphones for jogging.
Camille needs to send additional documentation.
Kristen got tickets for Ed Sheeran's gig in August.
Anna and Mateusz's mother is having a birthday in less than 2 weeks. Anna, Mateusz and Kuba will buy her a red backpack on a Black Friday.
Rachel is going to meet Caron tonight. Sue is going to babysit for Rachel. Rachel will leave her children at Sue's place after 4 pm.
Ingrid is going on a trip to Australia. She will meet with Gloria in Sydney.
Elyssa does not want to receive religious messages from Ruby anymore.
Galilea and Cortez will watch a movie togehther. Galilea has fear of unexpected noises. She doesn't want to watch horror.
Kate asked Ann about her opinion on the films "The Star is Born" and "Roma". She liked the first one very much. The second one is appreciated by the critics but not so much by the public.
Justin prepared mushroom soup for supper. Stephanie used to make a soup wth apples when she was 7.
Muhammad will buy Caden a bunch of grapes at the supermarket.
Ula invites Alan to a concert. Alan will meet her at the club after his work.
Dad paul and Mum Hadija are going to talk to their children about dating.
Josh, Logan, Mel, Ray, Ethan, Jose and Patricia got their test results from Michael.
Paris and Ronald are mad at Muslims that kidnapped and shot 4 girls in Nigeria.
Sammy wants to work from home the next week, because her commute takes one hour and John won't be at the office. John agrees.
Kas is not visiting Laura in December. Kas' other housemates are going home for Christmas and Kas has to stay in the house. Kas has to work over Christmas. Kas was made to work less hours. Kas will have to find a new job.
Sarah and her family are relocating but can't take their pet cat with them. Sarah's friend David is helping her find a new home for the cat. They manage to find it.
Samantha informs Liam that a new album by Mumford and Sons has been released.
Heather's sister will bring Peter dinner in half an hour. Lovey and Alistair are off nursery and going back tomorrow. Heather is working tomorrow. Heather's mother passed away. Heather and her kids will visit Peter tomorrow afternoon and bring a cake.
Yanny had an air ciruclation device installed by a specialist and it turns out to be very efficient. Amelia and Sammy also have a problem with moist air at their houses, so Yanny will send them the specialist's details and he will verify if he can help.
If Serena could change clothes with any girl at school she would choose Alexa. Monica would choose Mia. Monica's and Mia's styles are very different.
Amelia wants to go to the new year's eve singles ball. Megan will join her but she is sceptical about it.
The group will collect 20 per person for Mia's present.
Thomas is going home tonight. Mary doesn't know when she's going as her only day off is on 25th.
Katie doesn't have any plans for tomorrow, and Lacey will be studying.
Cecilie is doing better.
Today is pancake and hamster day.
They are going to meet at 5 pm at John's place to watch a game.
Leo was supposed to leave for the weekend but the trip was cancelled.
Johnny should get Kaesekreiner and try the beer while in Vienna.
Cory and Jem send Emily links to some language schools near her. Emily wants to learn German.
Gemma insists on Tommy not inviting Andy. Andy is weird and an attention seeker.
Vera, Giada and Monna are going to see Vasco live.
John wishes Anna happy birthday. John asks about Anna's mum. Anna doesn't know for how long her mu is staying.
Ani's company has financial problems. He's wondering if he should start looking for a new job.
John, Mike, Rachel and Tom are throwing a surprise party for Laura on Saturday. The party theme is lame fantasy. Everyone will prepare costumes on their own.
Jake will lend Helen a book from Stephen King. Helen is a bookworm and she is currently reading "Anthropologist on Mars" written by a neuroscientist Oliver Sacks.
Peter and Andrew expected Joseph and Molly to follow them till Sankt Gallen. Molly decided to spend a night in Liechtenstein and invites Andrew and Jospeh to come along.
Michael invites Irene and Ester to chip in for the bill from yesterday. He prefers to receive the money via the transfer. Irene and Ester transfer the respective amounts.
Mike doesn't mind Tommy joining in on the dinner and film. Harry will let Mike know if Tommy comes.
Henry is not coming today to Rebecca and Carly, he's feeling ill. He has a fever and coughs.
Kate cannot work properly, because paper got jammed in the printer. She is very frustrated and angry. Andy can't help Kate right now, because he is busy in the server room.
Isla was exhausted so she forgot she parked in the back alley yesterday.
Ellie and Liam are seeing Ben tonight at 8ish. Ben will be preparing pizza with them.
Ross is not allowed to visit Brian. His mum blames Brian for Ross breaking his leg. Ross and Brian are unhappy with Ross' mum and Ross will try and reason with his dad.
Yigal and Nora want to stay where they are. But there's only one ferry a week, so they have to take it tomorrow, otherwise they will miss their flight to Europe.
Tom will buy some bread at Tesco on Ann's request.
Jake is going to see kids' hockey game. Mike will join him.
Val taught Buster not to use Helen's garden as a toilet.
It is cold outside, so Jimena will stay at home and cook. Mason is ok with that.
Dorothy is still intoxicated after at least 15 rounds of drink yesterday and can't remember much of what happened. She would like to meet her friends for a drink again in 15 minutes.
It's snowing. Alex is unhappy with the quantity of snow.
Greg and Will make comments on a photo. Will asks if Greg and Betty will invite him to their party. Greg says yes.
Jorge, Sierra and Taylor are taking the astronomy class together.
Ronnie and Linda will see each other in the evening. Linda will make a burrito and Ronnie will buy some beer.
Mat, Phil and Peter are going to the theater. Peter bought the tickets. Mat will pick up Phil at 6:30.
Tim will be leaving in 10 min to pick up Tony and Elisa. Jeff warns him about scarce parking available with 3 minutes of waiting time allowed. They will either find a parking spot or circle around in case they need to wait on someone.
George will buy Lucas two beers in exchange for Amy's number.
Alexander is busy at work and won't be home before 7. Ashleen is angry about it.
Ray is afraid he won't pass the exam on Thursday and he will have go through it again.
Charles is watching the game and it's 2-0 for Portugal.
Peter, Amanda, Andy, Helen, Hannah and Olivier have a new Spanish teacher called Ms Suarez. They like her. Their homework is to describe their best friend.
Bonnie will go to the Mumford and Sons concert with Filly next Saturday.
Brian is an admin. Angela has a Flash application for interactive boards that she wants to run on a school laptop. Brain thinks it will work but Angela is not sure. Angela will give kids a quizlet.
It's raining a little, so Margaret will take her umbrella.
Lena is on sick leave until Monday because of cold.
There was no Amazon delivery for Sienna today yet. This time of the year, however, Amazon delivers twice a day. Sienna's delivery is expected today. Ed will bring the package to Sienna as he needs to make a trip anyway.
Monty needs to ask Kurt's father about something and wants his number. Kurt will tell his father that she'll call and send her the number.
Mickey tells Lavinia that a monkey kidnapped and killed a baby in India.
Jan should call Radek after his dentist appointment. He got his number from Daniel.
Daryl won't make it to the class, because he's stuck in traffic. Jake will let Mr Smith know about that. Daryl suggested to Susan that she should take a detour.
Apple will share her Russian Poetry class notes with Emily.
Miller carried Carlos' lunch box to work.
Katherine and Cristina both have seen "Ben Is Back" and they liked it.
Brooklynne is watching Harry Potter 6 again, Kevin won't join and neither will Tatiana as she's not a huge fan of HP 6.
Samuel is behind Marianne.
Jane and Michael enjoyed watching the last episode. Jane is happy to see more hunting and Mommy written out. She is not happy with seeing less of Castiel. Jane took a break from watching after season 9. Michael is happy to see an interesting episode after 3 bad seasons.
Steffi has just become a member of Gary, Fiona, Ethan, Brian, Maddie and Chris' team. Fiona is in Galway where the weather is good. The weather in Northern Ireland is usually not warm and sunny.
David and Jo procrastinate over the execution of an assignment. Following the professor's instructions Jo and David will work with different extensions.
Martina, Andy, Claudia, Yuri, Zeke, and Pat are having a party tonight. Simon won't come because he is upset with Andy and Diego. Diego can't come because of work.
Ava and Olivia are going to check out Emma's nail art tool tonight.
According to Wikipedia, there are three countries that don't recognise North Korea: USA, Japan and France.
Roman is available either on weekends or on weekday early mornings. Roman and Szczepan will meet in 2 hours to talk about the project. Roman is in the city now and he has found a quiet place where they could talk.
Sarah will come over to Diana's with white wine to drink after Diana has cooked for the kids and helped Jimmy with homework.
Monica and Phoebe have sent puppy photos to the conversation. Monica, Rachel and Phoebe are at work.
Megan will turn radio Channel 2 on to listen to Ethan's interview on allergies.
Jeffrey demands 200 € from Tony or else he will tell Kim Jeffrey kissed her sister.
Sam is going to buy toilet paper in Costco.
Tom and Alison haven't spoken in 2 years. Tom has just finished his MA in e-commerce for small businesses. Alison is just starting an on-line business selling the things she's knitted. Tom and Alison arrange a meeting on 12/20 to discuss helping Alison with her business.
The roads are blocked. Ava and jordon don't yet know why.
Niidia is impatiently waiting for the quiz results.
Victoria will bring Megan her theraband tomorrow.
Flo's brother is still ill. She's looking for a substitution for the next 2 weeks. Daisy is on holiday next week, so she'll substitute her the week after. Flo will send her the program and leave the books at Edith.
Clark wants to know how to write an array as a pointer. Cristian suggest googling it.
Jessy wants to buy an electric peeler.
Emma's train was delayed 110 minutes, so she decided not to go today. She will take an early train and arrive in the morning.
Martha's parents went to a party and will be out all night so Martha's alone today. Martha, Agatha and Susan will meet for an HP marathon at Martha's house. The girls will buy alcohol and order a pizza.
Jack, Teddy, Melany and Duke are going to meet up for drinks tonight. The first round is on Jack.
Jimmy is at the bar. Laura has a coffee. Mark waits for them at their gate.
Mike lost the instructions so he couldn't assemble the dresser for Mona.
Aurora and Jake are going to watch Apprentice and have turkey burgers and vegetables tonight. Aurora needs to buy a watch battery before she goes home. Jake will throw away rubbish but won't vacuum..
Wacky and Mona are going to the club meeting at 6 pm on Monday. Mona will bring the slides.
Maja has not bought her tickets yet but will do it this day. She lives in Transilvania, 600 km from the nearest airport, which will make her trip longer than Adrian's.
Jim, Rick and Alfred are organizing the New Year's Eve in Jim's father's house. It is less than 3 weeks to go. The house is quite big but dirty. They also need to organize transportation amongst other things. Jim will inform and invite friends on a class group.
Joanna's doctor forbid her to do yoga because she has back problems. She does ashtanga yoga. She find sivanada yoga boring. Paula goes to Lotus studio for classes with Tina. Joanna will try this class and bring her medical files to consult with the therapist.
Karina is upset because she does not have a boyfriend.
Tom Hanks performed brilliantly both in "Cast Away" and "Philadelphia". They admire Tom Hanks.
Ann's friend has stolen her boyfriend.
Matt has shared with Steve, Jack, Tom and Yuri a video about the Marvel Netflix series. The video analyzes the various series and points out the flaws of some of them.
Kate and Nick have received Tom's e-mail. They will meet for lunch today to set up strategy for action.
It is OK to stay longer at the venue if you pay more for the band.
Sophie can't believe Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson broke up. Clark enjoys Saturday Night Live with Pete Davidson but he's not interested in Sophie's news.
Mona and Luna are worried about the latest events in France.
James accepted an Amazon parcel for Vicky.
Edlyna is going swimming tomorrow with Kay. Idah will lend Edlyna her swimming kit.
Olivia will land tomorrow at 6 pm and she will meet with Olivia at 8. They will go out to a party.
Amanda is tired after the gym, so she won't go out with Jane tonight. Jane will ask Natalie.
Deborah recommends the newest "Sparks" to Kelsey.
Mike will buy some bread at the bakery for Mary.
Sandy hates the lecture she is on.
Fran has too much stress, so she is joining Faith's yoga class on Sunday. Faith tells Fran not to be worried about her size and inability to perform some yoga poses.
Cedric will bring Suarez's flash drive back tomorrow. If Suarez is not there, Cedric will give it to Nolito.
Hannah went back home because she was not feeling well.
Daniel is late for a meeting with Rose. She has already arrived and got a table for them. Daniel will try something new to him in the restaurant as they do not serve his favorite ramen now.
Lily postpones going to the library as Ann forgot her keys.
Charlotte is unwell and will inform Michael tomorrow if they can see each other on Friday.
Jillian has lost her pen-drive with her notes. Galard will check if Jillian's pen-drive is at his place.
Donna recommends Agnes reading "Kid’s Stuff: Toys and the Changing World of American Childhood". Keith recommends "War Toys, War Movies, and the Militarization of the United States".
Liz will come by Tim's place in 5 minutes as she's in the neighborhood.
Gabriele loves the dog.
Vic has uploaded a new Foo Fighters cover to his YouTube channel.
Liz didn't buy onions. Wells needs them for the dish. Liz is going back to the shop to buy them.
Bella, Trevor and Kevin are going to buy flowers and a voucher for their language teacher at the end of the course.
Tero launched his game. Alleatha bought Tero's game.
Millie helps Allen with a few ideas what he can buy his wife for birthday. She suggests a gift card for a spa treatment and a bottle of her favourite alcohol and Allen likes the ideas.
A vanilla hand cream is missing from Irene's shipped order. She contacted customer support about it. They will send her a replacement.
Richard and Michelle will meet on Sunday around 4 p.m. next to the lighthouse. They will walk by the seashore. Richard will take an umbrella in case of bad weather.
Gera got Hope's number from Lucy. She is going to meet Hope at 2 in her office.
John'll be at the main station in 5 minutes. Lia suggests that Sam should pick John up. Sam'll collect John from the bus stop in 15 minutes.
Noah bought shoes for $100. Andy saw them cheaper online.
Oscar has called in sick. He hasn't done this exercise with this group before. He'll send Penny a presentation for TPM, for the other one she could use yellow tapes. Penny is going to explore the city centre now.
Terry and Simon both enjoy Charles Bukowski's writing style. Simon is about to finish "Women" soon and afterwards he'll start reading "Factotum" that Terry will borrow from him as soon as he's done.
Linda will pay for Netflix today.
Pete and Caleigh will go for a bike ride during the weekend. They will take a train to Skierniewice. They will have a picnic somewhere.
Hiro is coming back home, to Nel.
Lilly spent the weekend with her friend and her 2 annoying little children. Lilly had to watch TV at home because of the children and didn't enjoy it at all.
Bulgaria gave the world yogurt. Harry needs this information for his homework.
Sandra and Jason will try to visit Chloe in May. They can't come now, because Jason got fired recently and he has just started a new job.
Noah is late because of some traffic jam.
Patrick missed his flight.
Jeff managed to get the essays of Sontag from the library. The book had always been borrowed.
Harry will be there in 2 minutes.
Charlotte's going to drive tonight.
Jada is leaving. Latoya has decided to leave her job and will be heading to the Algarve.
Charlotte is arriving at 22:25. Oscar arranged the dinner and movie evening with Charlotte's mum tomorrow. Charlotte wants to take her mum by surprise by jumping out of a big box. Charlotte will let Oscar know when she gets to the building.
Leroy is offering Emma his help with her computer because it has been acting up recently.
Danso recommends that Aslan goes to the bathroom.
Patricia is in London working on an important translation now and has no time to look for a job. Jeff is 5 hours behind her. His disapproves of her translating activity.
Monica is making pizza tonight, Jamie is buying mozzarella.
Tim is getting married and invites Paul to the wedding on the 1st of August. Paul will come with Terry.
Samuel complains about the ridiculous prices of MS Office. Owen informs Samuel that MS Office for business is not as expensive as it seems to be, and there is a free plan as well.
Joe and Kelly were out together on Saturday. They drank a lot. Kelly lost one of her shoes on the bus. Joe is going to Liam's party on Friday but Kelly is not. Kelly will be 25 soon. Joe and Kelly will see each other on Sunday at the pub.
Kit has heard a gossip about Jake saying that he is seeing someone. Kit shares this with Amanda and Gale.
Rachel will pop over to bring the jumpers. Jenny gave back the pink one the previous week. Rachel wanted to keep it for herself. Caron allows Rachel to keep it a bit longer. Rachel will bring the rest in the evening and the pink one on Friday.
Dad needs to be monitored and he will not come back home for at least a week. Chloe will pay Dad a visit today at 6 pm. Chloe will bring dad some newspapers and his favourite music.
The delivery guy has a free of charge package for Kylie. Martin will pick it up for her. Kylie will collect it after work.
Selena and Audrina got drunk last night.
Sara watched lately an animated movie called finding nemo.
Marta bought Prosecco and a kettle for Karolina's housewarming party. Asia and Ania will transfer the money to her account.
Noah is reading "The Lord of The Rings" for the 7th time. Trevor is reading Philip Roth's "American Pastoral".
Tonight, Toby and Maria are going to discuss flying somewhere for the Christmas holiday instead of visiting Toby's parents.
Sarah recommends Lydia to read The Great Alone first.
Peter understands how the app works now.
Kate, Ann and Agnes are planning an adventure together. Ann will bring a spare blanket and is responsible for lunch, Kate will have things for the barbecue, and Agnes will bring food necessary to prepare breakfast. They're going to meet between 11 and 12.
Anne got accepted.
Leo is almost there. If he's late, Donna will go without him.
As suggested by Melissa and Hilary, Nancy will buy a book for a gift in MIT Coop at Kendall Square. John recommends a book about time theories.
Raymond is ready. It is today.
Shannon is working from home today. She didn't sleep well and is considering taking a nap although it's already 8 am. Ian has just dropped off kids at kindergarten and will be home in 10 min.
Sue will come to Nathan at 7 because his mum is making trifles tonight.
Nina needs help with maths. Her brother Rick recommended contacting Carmen. Carmen's brother is good at maths and she gives Nina his phone number. Nina should call him in the evening, after his gym activity. Carmen's exam was good, but she forgets dates. Nina offers her a book about WW II.
Jane would like to watch Gossip Girl.
Celeste and Ryland talk about guys and Ryland thinks that Celeste can easily have a guy and that there's one around her while Celeste believes that she's looking, but there's noone there.
Kelly wants Joe to take a look at her car as she has a problem with the clutch. Kelly split up with Adam in August. Joe has started seeing Josie from school.
Isabelle, Giselle and Sophie have to translate the first column from the article they read last time as homework for tomorrow. Isabelle forgot about it and bought herself a bottle of wine.
Brad wants to buy an ukulele or a xylophone.
Jeffrey is considering driving for Uber as he needs money to buy a new TV. Jeffrey doesn't mind putting mileage on his car or driving strangers.
The travel agency Travel Life went bankrupt. Mike is in Egypt with no hotel or options to come back. He'll probably go to the embassy.
Victoria forgot to buy toilet paper, so she will get back to Tesco to get some.
Clare has a new cockerpoo called Lola, it's ten weeks old and hasn't had all the shots yet. Ellie has a grown up cockapoo. Helen has a St. Bernard called Graham.
Anna learns that Theo, Luis' friend from Wawa, reached out to him recently. Anna met Theo at the New Year's Eve party. Luis likes his new school better than the old one in Wawa. He will soon start a job as a waiter.
Tyler can't come over to Sam now, because he's busy with chores. He will come over later.
Professor Morton wants to see Brayden in her office now. She talked to Charles and she's angry.
Anders is ill and has to stay in the apartment, otherwise he can infect other people. His skin is not itching, but he's waiting for these things to disappear.
Ost slept after lunch and didn't see Vesna calling. Vesna and Ost will talk tomorrow.Tomorrow Ost will take Damir for the preparations to the surgery. On the 19th of November they will go to the hospital for the surgery.
Thomas is having a meeting and can't sneak out. Thomas is seeing Elisabeth half an hour later.
Grant made a transfer to Sarah.
Claire, the accountant, was supposed to call Arlo but she did not. Louie has made a note of it.
Brian had an accident. Brian's father will take him home. Lukas is mad about his car.
Adam, Ben, Paula and Claire have a new neighbour. Paula met him in the morning. Adam will invite him for Saturday.
Austin is sending Charlie funny stories from the internet.
Mavis's legs hurt either because of the match or because of high heels. She will see a doctor.
Adam is looking at airbnb to book NYC. Tom wants to make sure the basics are included. Adam booked one near the Central Park for 38 per night.
Josh and Osman are excited about the match. Josh needs a drink.
Debby is going to a wedding with a friend next Saturday. Debby sends photos of dresses to Maggie, so Maggie can help her decide what to wear. They discuss Debby's outfit for the wedding. Maggie offers to lend Debby one of her bags.
Natalie's cats have scratched the chairs in her house and bitten through phone and MacBook chargers. Her boyfriend crafted them a scratching pole to prevent them from damaging things in the house.
Erin will go to Jade's house for a day after pill.
Jane is from Coxwold, Yorkshire. Jane thinks it's lovely but admits the weather is changeable. Winston is from Tooting. Winston thinks it's just an ordinary suburb in the south east of London.
Hannah will call the police as she can hear her neighbours fighting.
Diana and Tom went for a trip to Italy. She saw Pisa and Florence but found them too touristy. They went also to Arezzo and Siena, but what she liked most were the little villages. Tom rented a car and they drove around. They went to Chianti. Diana and Tom will come to Margaret for dinner on Monday.
Tina and John were arranged to come for dinner to Matt and Maya tonight. Maya was wondering how much red wine to buy. It has been a stressful week for Matt workwise. Maya offers to cancel the dinner, if Matt doesn't feel like it. Matt decides to cancel the dinner.
Thomas will cook dinner tonight. Megan suggested that he should cook teriyaki bowl. She shared her recipe with Thomas.
Martha, Bridget and Jenna want to go to Belfast for 3 days on January 3. Martha found tickets for 38 PLN.
Charlotte is watching a movie at 4 a.m. because she can't sleep. Both her and Daisy suffer with insomnia.
Lora from the insurance company will inspect Mary's house in 10 minutes.
Tim had lunch with Isabel. She's leaving Jackie today. They've been 4 years together, as Natalie points out. Before that Isabel was with Nicky for 7 years. Nicky didn't date anybody after they broke up. Vicky is indifferent about Isabel. Natalie wil update Mandy on gossips.
There was a math test yesterday. Olivia didn't know because she was sick. The teacher announced it on Monday.
Ben got into regional football championship. Dave is proud of him. Dave filmed most of the match. Sandra came to the game. John will be watching Mattie play on Saturday. Juniors start at 3:30, teens start around 5:30. John and Dave will meet on Saturday's game.
Fabio shares a video which presents the way kids are brought up today in a safe and comfortable way. Carla points out it was different in their generation.
Kylie is having a bad day as she spilled coffee all over her computer. Emery is also unhappy as his teacher yelled at him for not doing an assignment Emery was actually not given.
Mum and Caron are going to decide what to eat for dinner when Mum gets home. There is a new restaurant on the High Street past Lloyds. Caron might go shopping later.
Grace can't see the video it's unavailable in England and she's frustrated about this fact.
Robert will be there next week. He has a gig in Moneverdi. Ellis and Robert will arrange something together.
Barbra refuses to accompany Lidia to church.
Owen will not watch Ben10 tonight, as he will not be at home.
Andrew is in London. He's meeting Julie for a coffee at 2 pm.
Mary and Lizy are happy for Anna who is going to France.
According to Pierre, tipping is not common in Italy, because tips are generally included in bills.
Ethan asks Oscar about the progress in recording the music he is making with John and Oliver. Everything wil probably be finished in 2 weeks. Ethan will not be here at that time, because he will be here next week.
Bob can't find his iPad, because Rose borrowed it. He is upset, because Rose borrowed it without asking. He doesn't like Rose entering his room without his permission. Bob threatens Rose to call parents. Bob won't call parents, if Rose won't tell them about his party.
Teresa started learning Spanish two days ago because she's travelling next week. She wants to learn some basic words because from her experience, the Spanish don't speak English.
John is looking for a place to buy a replacement for his motorbike alternator.
The website which sells an ebook Laura wants to buy is requiring some confidential data.
Amber asks if anyone wants to meet for a coffee tomorrow. Sydney wants to join her. Bill is flying to Belarus tomorrow to visit the family of Natalia. He'll be back on 15th January.
Konrad wants to take Tom from the Olimpia hotel when he arrives there. Tom departs from Dublin airport at 20:45 and he will be at the hotel between 22:30- 23:00.
The ocean is taking away Kiribati, because of risen sea levels. Eve's neighbours are planning to move to New Zealand next year.
Zack wants to watch the Avengers but Daniel hates sequels.
Kate's mom had no time to prepare the dinner, so she left her money on the counter to order something.
Davis calls his dad to check up on him. Kurtis, Davis's mom, answers the call because his dad has left his phone behind.
Ellen wants to get a tatoo, Kelly is sceptical and not very helpful in making this decision.
Zack is in the shops asking Gill if they need anything. They need washing powder and kitchen towels. Due to a lot of people Zack might be home around 6 or 6:30. Nick is not home yet and they need to talk to him.
Mary will work for Jared as a manager in his new restaurant. She will start by checking out 4 locations.
Kenneth invites Paul for a trip to Disney world. Paul is excited and will look into details for the whole group.
Dennis and Louis have fallen out about Mandy.
Farah wants to go on a funfair with Ria. Ria cannot afford it, she has recently lost her job because of punctuality issues.
Michelle can't find a house that she likes. Isabella wants to sell her house. Ben's friend has a house for sale near Staton park.
Laura was asked by her mother to buy groceries. Laura wants Martha to help her, because she has to finish a school project. Martha will buy pancakes, syrup, milk, chips, pork, chicken, 4 salmon fillets and 4 catfish fillets.
Roger forgot to take out the rubbish, as reminded by Bob. He'll do it after work.
Violet sends Oliver some photos from the ball.
Patty went to a boring party last night at Rooster. John and Patty think that Rooster is not the same place anymore because most of the fun people are already gone and the first year students are uninspiring.
Blair wants to work out with Kelly, who is unconvinced about that.
Victoria quit her job at a corporation. She wants to open her own business.
Factory bathrooms must be used till construction work is finished. A few people have used the loo while the works were ongoing, which is disgusting. Suzanne will circulate the notice. Construction work is going to take longer than planned.
Molly's already home. Amy's still on her way back home but she's almost there.
Layla needs Jacob's help with her flowers.
Tom will come for one lesson of English at the upper-intermediate level. The group has 4 students. The text book they use is English File.
Bertolucci died last week of lung cancer. Isla loved his films especially "Little Buddha" which she saw together with Isabella. Isabella prefers "Besieged".
Mathew's son is starting school tomorrow. Tim, Anna, Tina and Daniel can't believe he's so big and wish him good luck.
Pauline is throwing a surprise 30th birthday party for Chris, her fiancee. She is also planning a baby shower.
Henry is going to bed. Elizabeth and Henry will see each other tomorrow.
Rita is in Spain. Vicky is going to Iceland with olivier. Vicky and Olivier are playing board games.
Freya never wears make-up and she has no make-up products. Amanda is surprised about it.
Lea is back from her trip and she liked Grand Canyon the most and brought Zack the newest Vogue from New York. She travelled together with Ana and Patrick, and Ana wanted to kill him a couple of times. Lea found Vegas disappointing and tacky.
Luke and Mike are learning for the English test. Julia has sent them the copy of the material.
Ann and Eva are going to have lunch together at 13.
Brenda sends birthday wishes to her brother Nick. Brenda gave Nick a gift (Bluetooth speaker). Nick is going to Florida this week. Brenda and Nick are going out to eat on Sunday around 6:30.
Mike's sending a free sample of his new software to Jim and wants him to test it.
Scarlett will pick up Jacob at 8pm and take him to the cinema.
Since the website is not ready yet, Jack sends Abby just photos. She is impressed with the website's design. She believes the internet will broaden people's horizons in the future.
Jessica and Olympia like Clarissa's photo.
Sia had to go home because she's got period.
Beatrix's dog is running everywhere and Catriona cooked this today.
Gemma and Dina are meeting at 6.30.
Owen is buying beer. Jenna wants Coors, Noah Peroni.
Clara and Finn are considering going on a 6-day trip with Mike and his girlfriend. Finn is unsure he can handle her for that long.
Telma will buy cheddar for Tom and blueberries for Amy at Tesco.
Diana will go for a walk with Walter at three o'clock, if she gets all her work done by then.
Zenobia is looking for building No 42. Adonis provides directions to get there.
Randall is at the store. He will buy a loofa, a make-up brush and pink nail polish for Sidney.
Felix hasn't signed the petition about the animal shelter from his and Fanny's street.
Ally wants to organise a meeting this weekend. Abigail doesn't wan to go because she's busy and she doesn't like this kind of meetings.
Khabib has beaten McGregor. Khabib's trainer poked McGregor's trainer, which resulted in a brawl.
Frances offers Agnes to bring a dictionary she needs as a source for the project to her office today. She has a meeting not far from it and will be there before 14:00. Agnes can keep the book for a week or longer. She will ask Lucas after he is back from holiday to give his opinion on the project.
Piatek stroke two goals in a debut, as Martin reports.
Darrell has moved to Lublanska. He spends over 2.5 h commuting, so he should get a new car. Now he and Heidi work close to each other. They'll have a lunch together at 12:30.
Ed Sheeran wore a t-shirt to a ceremony, for which he was called out. Dex justified Ed because he also likes to feel comfortable in his clothes.
Stevie forgot to pay the electricity bill today. He will do it tomorrow morning.
Maddie, Gabriel, Nina and Tash are going to the club this weekend. Tolpuddle 5 are playing during the event.
Kim and Ella have arrived in Bangkok. They're staying there for 5 days. They were in Kuala Lumpur before Bangkok. They will hang out with Ella's friends. They plan to visit Chiang Mai and Phnom Penh.
Peter didn't show up at Shannelle's birthday party. Shannele will show him photos when he visits her.
Jim will buy 5 kg of cat food at Martha's request.
Finn's car has been repaired ahead of schedule despite initial problems with the replacement part. He can pick it up from the shop during opening hours.
Leon will borrow Itzel's camera.
Archie did not get the car yet.
Patricia wants Niall to check if she turned off the heater. Niall is doing some overtime work.
Josh has been to a concert of Acid Monkeys. Trish doesn't know them so he sent her a link to listen to.
Abigail tries to cheer up Olivia and Kate with an adorable cat video.
Leon wants Hugo to bring him 3 beers. Elliot wants sprite.
Louis can't find his tablet. He found it thanks to Bonnie.
Ingrid is looking for her cat. Gary saw him this morning.
Luther is the sexiest man alive, but his character in the series isn't.
Alan came back from Milan and brought Carlo Dylan Dog comics. Alan met up with Giovanna in Milan.
Tina can't join Sandy as she needs to keep writing an essay on psychology for Monday. She has to write 30 pages, but has only 5 now.
The favourite colour of Ali and Grace is white.
Miguel is going to buy the same 8% oil that Ines has. There are cheaper ones, but they're like 2.5% only. Ines is using the one with normal flavor.
Sarah and Larry like to watch "The Chase". They have much appreciation for Bradley Walsh, who also featured in "Coronation Street". There is a rumour that Ann Hegarty will take part in "I'm a Celebrity... Get me out of Here!". Larry and Sarah are impatient to watch it.
Madeleine and Dakota love watching "Friends".
Jim likes it at college but has some problems with his roommates who make noise.
Elijah doesn't want to back up Esme when confronting Tonya.
Ben, Meg and Kelly give Nancy advice on how to improve her daily routine.
Peter will post the questions and answers from yesterday's exam on Facebook.
The Tesco that's out of town has the cheapest gas according to Alice and Sara.
Lara is interested in babysitting for Tom 7:30 to 17:00 plus some evenings. Tom and Lara want to meet at the weekend so she could start on Monday. Tom will check Lara's CV and call her in the evening.
Beatrice is selling a dress that Abigail is interested in buying. Abigail and Beatrice arrange a meeting on Friday between 2 and 3 PM so that Abigail can try it on. Beatrice sends Abigail a link with her home address.
Joe and Harry haven't spoken since last year. They are going to meet up at Bourbon St. on Friday and grab a burger.
Monica's going to prepare dumpligs, some fish, an apple pie and gingerbread cookies for Christmas. Cindy considers baking a gingerbread house and taking part in a competition where the prize is $1000. Monica offers Cindy her help with baking.
Lucas is unavailable to petsit Agnes's kitty. She is going to one of her best friends bachelor party at Ustron.
Carol is getting a full body massage half price for 75. She booked an appointment with Sandra at 1 pm. Liz will wait until Carol goes to find out her opinion. Liz will ask around but Carol doesn't want to know if she chose badly.
Ron asks Ann and Sissy to lock the door to the white room only once. Ann has the key to Studio 2.
Amy seems down to Brie lately. Amy's partner broke up with her recently.
Baldwin is looking for his favourite mug. It's not in the dishwasher.
Eleanor's paper got rejected from the conference in Boston. Eleanor believes it might be because she's not active enough in the association. Edgar will be at the conference. Edgar and Eleanor will meet in NYC in December.
Wilson promised to show Ana Ron's wedding live but they have a problem with the internet. Ana couldn't be there as she had an emergency and she had to fly back. Ana will call everyone later. Wilson will keep sending Ana pictures and videos.
Edward will bring Bella's notebook to the office.
Sam is catching 10:45 train and is sitting in the 5th compartment.
The bus timetable has changed. The prices will go up next month.
Sid owes Cam money. He wants to give it back this week.
Lyman promotes the charity action concerning donation of used clothes.
Natalie bought Broadway tickets in the front row. Catherine'd go if she could afford it.
Carolyn bought fantastic shoes on the internet.
After graduating, Anne would like to be a teacher. Stephen still doesn't know what he'd like to do.
Ann cannot find the black T-shirt, so Carol will check in her suitcase if she packed it.
Jason seeks suggestions for Oahu in Hawaii, where he will stay for a week with his lady. Rio lives in Hawaii but never visited Oahu, and he recommends going with Marlin travels.
Dave wants Eli to watch a stand up show about men women relationship. It's about 8 minutes long.
Ryanair lost Theresa's luggage. Theresa has to wait in the hotel for Ryanair to track the suitcase. She will see if she can get any compensation.
Kim has a nice new job at a hotel. However, she sometimes needs to take night shifts, up to 3 times a week. She's busy accommodating her job with the university and doesn't get much sleep. Kim is coming back for this or next weekend - she will inform Kourtney.
Sally will get the cinema tickets when she is down the guays. Rob went to the doctor this morning about his rotatory cuff damage. The doctor ordered him to have an xray before an operation is considered. He should have it next week.
Gloria and Paul had an argument yesterday. They are friends again.
Jocelyn wants to change her hair style but not cut her hair too short. She will show her hairdresser a picture Riley sent her.
Maurice is in Brussels. Albert is planning a trip to Europe to visit old friends in August.
Holly fell down and hurt herself, but can manage on her own. She is in Sasanki taking the bus from the station.
Ann's daughter is 2 years old. She has a pink dress and is adorable.
Frank bought a sofa. Veronica doesn't like it. They will talk about it when he's back.
Bob is interested in purchasing a chest of drawers from Jack. Bob cannot pick it up himself from Kingswood in east Bristol and Jack doesn't deliver as he doesn't own a car. Bob will not buy the chest.
Jill and Jo are planning to meet tomorrow morning, Caren will let them know if she can.
Marianne is spending summer in Vaduz. Marianne doesn't speak German well, because she speaks English with Peter all the time. Marie has never taught Jeffrey French.
Johnny, Sara and Kent will meet in the soccer field.
Rick found Luke's keys under his car seat. Rick is at home for the next few days. Luke is going to message Rick about when he will pick them up.
Szymon's ex girlfriend, Tina, got married and Szymon is upset about it.
Chris is going Interrail for a week and will be traveling first class through Italy and France. He will be sleeping in a two-bed sleeping compartment on the train and in hotels. The trip differs from the ones that he used to do while studying.
Anna would like to buy a watch for her partner's birthday. Austin will help her pick one while shopping together.
Jason and Walt exchange cat videos.
Howie will come to the capital after the 15th.
Blase is stuck in traffic. Toby is worried that they will miss the game.
Grubber took Jacob's 200$ and there's no way to contact him.
Monica will buy eggs and small tomatoes for Dad who wants to make fritatta today.
Leopold is going to have dinner with Lucy at the Taj Mahal Curry House today. Leopold still has work to do, but he can finish it after dinner then stay over at Lucy's because her parents are away.
Jenny is angry at Amy for telling Ted about her cheating.
Zoe is very tired. She and Miles will watch TV together.
The computer mouse doesn't work. Emma needs a new one now to make an assignment for tomorrow. William will do something.
Tim's parents are going to Spain for 2 weeks and want Tim to take care of the house. Tim's planning to throw a party while his parents are away. Chris agrees to lend Tim his speakers.
Olivia is dressing up as a fairy or a witch or something else. Olivia didn't have a costume last time. Amelia is seeing Olivia at 6 pm at Olivia's to go shopping. Olivia and Amelia will figure her costume out together.
Gabi prepared a cleaning schedule. Natasha will clean the flat this week.
Martha will let Bill know if the details are correct.
Debbie will make cookies today for the first time in her life.
Jackie has found a new job and she's about to give in her notice. Sandy learned about this from the email.
Auntie Dotty is travelling, she has visited Merida, the capital state of Yucatan and has seen the Maya temples: Chichen Itza and Uxmal. Auntie Dotty is sharing some photos of her trip with Timmy.
Dave and Tracy are having trouble finding a reasonably priced hotel in Vienna. Bratislava was much cheaper. It's only 2 nights. Dave will keep trying on booking.com. Tracy has a 10% discount there.
Caroline is a German translator. Vanessa will email her the documents she needs translated. Caroline will respond from home in the afternoon.
Anna and Grace will meet with their friends for some drinks on Saturday.
Copper and Paul were supposed to meet today at 3, but they will meet at 4.
Sue's dad is getting medical tests. Les will visit him on Saturday.
Denise has to take care of her little brother on the weekend while her parents are gone. She dislikes that. Emily suggests she could take him to the park. Denise likes the idea as she could invite new boy from her class to join them.
Lexi will inform Ken that Arlo wants to see him. Arlo has a message from Ken's wife to pass.
April is sick and will stay in bed. She had to reschedule the meeting with John for next week.
Mat missed the bus and decided to walk home. On his way, he found a tenner and a fiver on the ground. He spent that money on sweets.
Helmut will be home late because of delays on the S-Bahn. Danny went out.
Patrick will come over for the match at 8:30. Patrick will bring a couple of beers and nuts.
Ricky went on a diet. He will have a lunch with Gary.
Mary hasn't read "27 dreams". Anna recommends the book.
Graham plans to go on holiday to Croatia by plane this year as the tickets booked in advance are cheap. He claims however that the holiday in Croatia is getting more expensive each year. Steven claims that it's going to be cheaper to go to Thailand soon.
Johnny forgot his lunch and money. Joan will bring it to the school office in about twenty minutes.
Isabel will leave Jared a copy in his mailbox. Jared won't be able to read it before the evening.
Martin has seen the weather forecast and it's going to be hot and sunny. Glenda is angry because she already packed all her summer stuff.
Eve has Netflix. Paul does not have Netflix. Greg will share a Netflix account with Paul.
Jake, Alex and Lily's class is held in room 214.
Iwona stands for globalism in contrast to Akihiro and Bolesław. In Bolesław's opinion, people should be proud of their history. Akihiro notices that Visegrád states are more conscious of the danger of globalism than Japan.
Laura is going to visit Pisa. Teddy is renting a car and they're going to Saturnia, probably on Tuesday. Sean wants to join but he must ask his boss first.
Uncle Pete needs the new number to Rachel's father. Uncle Pete and his wife will visit Rachel's family.
Emma and Beth don't like school. Beth is thinking about apprenticeship at her aunt's salon. Both girls like Nat. Beth also likes Joe, Emma's brother.
Mary's telephone number is 07911 123456.
Alice will join Sam, Paul, Christie and Nate on Friday night at 9pm at the Game Pub. They're going to play some board games. They might go for drinks afterwards.
Hall has seen the new season of the Plebs. Peggy despises the series. Haley, Aston and Craven are more than interested in changes. Peggy spoils the plot.
Laura is interested in getting Albert's phone. It's still available and she can come to pick it up today. However, pick-up is not an option for her and Albert doesn't plan to mail it.
Roul will help Gina with running the report for her boss. She will take him out for lunch.
Rose's favourite royal is Meghan and she's gossiping with Jenny and Nancy about her pregnancy. They don't like the fact that the pregnancy was announced a day after Eugenie's wedding.
George and Arthur are going to Greece for holidays for 2 weeks.
Maria has not returned Jorim's history book yet. He needs her to give it back tomorrow.
Mandy agrees to put Carla up at their place tonight.
Jenny gives James a couple pin points about his CV and applying for Junior Project Manager at Netflix. She speaks highly of the atmosphere and her employer.
Karen suggests to Avi that they play a story-telling game and they make up they story.
Simon is moving to Brussels. Frank will give Simon his vinyls back on Friday at 8 pm.
Jamie and Maggie are meeting at noon tomorrow at a spot by the river. Maggie is preparing peanut butter turkey. Jamie has corn and sausages.
Rick will check for Karen if there is a band playing downtown this weekend.
Tom is in the upper cloister.
Teacher gave Ava and Noah another week to work on their projects. They didn't decide on the subject yet.
Colin will come at 8 or later tonight.
A hacker from Spain logged in Mark's mailbox and sent messages with a suspicious link included. Mark tells Gabriel, Sarah and Hannah not to open them. Sarah advises Mark to change all his passwords.
Rose and Jack love Messi and are happy about him getting The Man of the Match Award in yesterday's match.
Mr. Smith and Mr. Blackwell are going to meet half an hour later than planned.
Will is interested in doing free Master's in Poland.
Mark and Cate are watching the game tonight. Sue might join Mark but Cate will stay in as she needs to be at work early in the morning.
Josh made it to the gate at the last moment, as they're almost done with boarding.
Barbara and Stanley enjoyed playing Beat Saber on PS4 last night. They consider buying a console, but first they need to have their car repaired. They start discussing how fast time flies. They have a table booked at Violet Sushi for 6 people at 6 pm.
Oliver is hosting a game night at his place at 9 pm. Fifa's included. George, Jack and Noah are in.
Logan studies at the Medical College.
Roman and Beth are going to see the new Aquaman movie on Friday and have a pizza after that.
Andrew recommends Phil a garage.
Bruce has a hangover after drinking with his co-workers.
James sends Josh photos of his new kitchen.
The page Fred and Greg are looking at is full of funny memes.
Jenny, Rose and Nancy are excited about Meghan's pregnancy and the announcement of it a day after Eugenie's wedding..
Abigail created a chat, so Brian and Donald can communicate with each other without involving her in the conversation.
Yeterday it was warm and sunny. Today it's freezing. Peter thinks it's because of global warming. Jimmy hated underpants when he was a kid. Now Jimmy thinks underpants are a good idea. Peter hated resting at preschool. Peter thinks it would be a good idea to rest an hour a day at work.
Bonnie and Tyler's parents' car is broken so they have to reschedule their family dinner.
Caron and Dee Fallows discuss many different meet-ups. Dee Fallows is in Ireland. Caron has bought a pair of Sally Morgan glasses.
Lara is meeting Molly at Mercy's at 7.
Pete and Jake are worried about Brexit and Polish people living there. Pete believes it won't be good for Britain.
Frank and Claire are going somewhere at 8 pm.
Darrick texted the wrong Zoe.
Isis hate winters here. Lewis points out that you need money to go somewhere warm.
Fay's cat started attacking Mary. Natalie recommends Dr. Anna Smith 98765432 as behaviourist.
Luna wants to lose some weight because she can't fit in her jeans.
Rich is about to buy a piece of land. The site got zoning for a shopping mall. Rich and Ron will meet tomorrow at 2 PM in Rich's office to talk about developing the land.
Brenda and Alessia will meet for coffee in an hour.
Joan has all the Christmas presents ready. Margaret is seeking advice on what to buy for the family members. Sammy left Hayley with Jojo and got back to his wife. Joan helps her with the baby. Margaret goes with Keith to the outlet place on Friday. Joan is decorating Christmas cake.
Ryan set up a meeting for the wrong time. Tara will come at 8 AM.
Lilly is off to Antwerp and will be back on Tuesday or Wednesday. Lilly will see Alicia next week.
Darren is at the taco shop and offers to get something for his children. They have a problem with deciding. Dana takes 2 baja tacos, 1 brisket, queso and diet coke. Ron wants chicken quesadilla.
Kate did their invitations by herself, but she consulted her graphic design lecturer. They will start handing them out personally next week. They will only send one invitation - to Kate's aunt in Canada.
Finnick may not get time off in July and August so he and Macy may not be able to visit Macy's family in Italy. However, they're still going on holiday with Ginger in September.
Lilia is sitting with her friends, some of whom are gay. Lilia and Randall find being gay awkward but they laugh it off.
Jeremy can't log into his work account today. John recommended him to call the helpdesk.
George has 1h break from classes at the uni.
Maverick and Marcus will meet on Skype today at 9pm.
Charles and Maurice are not able to meet with the customer coming at 9.30. Maurice tells Charles to ask Ben about his availability.
Martha had a dinner with her grandma, because she's broke. Dominique lost a lot of money on private health care.
Mom wantsto buy a new lamp and sends Verity a link to one of them. Verity likes it.
Buba will not tell Lala where she was last night.
Tony told his parents. It went well. His mother knew it already. His father was not very happy.
James and Michael are joking about technology and humanity.
John took Henry's wallet. Henry wants to contact him but John's phone is off. John is neither with Jesus nor with Gleydson.
George bought the tickets.
Olivia was bitten by a spider. She will buy an ointment at the pharmacy.
Terry, Matt and Kai are going to land in Pisa at about 11 pm. There is one hour difference between Portugal and Austria.
Max will be late. He is stuck in a traffic jam on Washington Avenue near Ikea. The traffic jam is caused by an accident. Max will join Theo, if the situation is resolved in time. Max will tell Thelma what has happened.
Henry will go to a concert with Barbara on Saturday night.
Margaret has an exam today. It starts at 9. She will inform Alex and Lisa about the results afterwards,
Nick is on a short holiday in London. He's working on his PhD thesis and will defend it by the end of this academic year. Harriett has been to a few concerts, and is tired of work.
Jacob and Martin won't have the German test tomorrow as their teacher is sick again.
Dean and Jo have an exam on Friday.
Jake, Jack and Martin are watching Roma Milan. Piatek has scored again.
Amanda arrived yesterday. By mistake Sally booked a place in Bridgetown. Amanda stays at Apple Hall on the other side of the island. Tomorrow John will go to Bottom Bay. Sally considers joining.
Beth, Poppy, Molly and Pauline love their children but they don't enjoy motherhood. Beth wants to talk about it more often.
Zac will order an Uber for Harvey at the City Hall because she has problems with her credit card.
Kate wants to go to the seminar, but Ralph convinces her it is going to be very boring. Kate and Ralph are going for drinks instead. They are meeting in 30 minutes at the bar.
Jerry will open the door for Tom.
Bob is going for a date with Julia. They are going to the cinema to watch a horror movie.
Melvin is leaving Milan tomorrow. He will buy amaretti and nocciolato gianduja at Liz's request.
She doesn't know how horrible she looks because she doesn't have a mirror.
Geri is already at the theater, Amy will be there soon, Tim was late, Tabby has just arrived.
Jeff, Jum and Geoffrey will play football at the weekend after arranging the team and place.
Someone broke into Patrick's car and stole his backpack. Inside the backpack there was Patrick's computer with his PhD thesis in history, almost finished, but not submitted. Patrick didn't have a safe copy elsewhere.
Maria shares too much on Facebook which bothers Nicholas. Her last post was about her love life. Diane talked to her about that before. Nicholas is getting messages from their common friends that laugh at her and gossip. Diane will talk to her again over a coffee.
Pietro fooled Mike into believing he broke up with Annie. Pietro and Annie watched Juventus match yesterday.
Neville and Georgina have watched "Roma" and liked it.
Florence has just landed. Florence, Ottilie, Eleanor, Jack and John will have a dinner at Mami Wata tonight. Ottilie will make a reservation.
Paul hasn't received a new visa yet. Paul will call the bank tomorrow. Paul and Ana are going to Mexico in two weeks.
Avery and Nicholas are going to see a play at the theatre to celebrate their anniversary.
Dave and Larry are mad because of brexit.
Julia's posted a question on FB about vegan places and got a comment from John about ruining out country's economy. Rick knows him and suggests she ignores his comment as he has very radical views he likes sharing with others.
Gerald and Maggie will be home very late. Judith will let their dog out around 4. The key to the house is under the frog. Judith will join Gerald and Maggie for dinner.
Elvire is going to the next PTO to talk to her son's math teacher because she doesn't approve of his teaching methods. Antonia plans to go with her and support her cause. They’ll meet at 4:45 PM.
Madeline is not sure if she turned off the electric heater in the office. Kevin has the key to the office, but he and Greg are still out. Tomorrow Madeline is in Dublin, but she intends to get the keys from Kevin over the weekend, probably Sunday.
Monica will be at Charles' place in 10 minutes and she is stuffed to the brim. Charles doesn't want any ice-cream, he'll eat something else.
Alfie doesn't like his name. Holly likes it.
Alba is in Lopburi which is the city of monkeys. She's heading to Phitsanulok and Chiang Mai next. Alba hasn't been to the islands yet.
Jacob will see Daniel next week to check out his new motorbike.
Joan is almost ready to go for a wedding and will save Kim a seat. They are talking about the long-lost friends who will also be there. Kim and Joan will get there by taxi.
Lincoln has received Andrew's email and will review it soon.
Isabelle doesn't sleep at night so Linda is sleep deprived. John will get some take away rice and noodles on his way home.
Ann's coming home. She's very hungry. Jim made some pasta and salad.
Anne, Chantal and Meghan are going to the integration party tomorrow.
Anna asked Caroline for her pancake recipe. Caroline sent her a photo from her notebook.
Rick has left his black sweater at Phil's place yesterday. Phil will bring it to practice tomorrow.
Neither Anita nor Casper liked the ending of Dexter. Anita recommends Peaky Blinders.
Nick found some bugs in the file that need to be eliminated. Bart is attending management meeting at 10.  Bart will book the conference room for his meeting with Nick tomorrow around 8:45.
Eva is going back home this weekend and is going to the beach with Jodie and Claudia.
Dell and Andrea are meeting on FaceTime in about 10 minutes.
Ben and Will are stuck in the traffic.
Ruby will be making drinks.
Candy and Kelvin met earlier today for the first time. They will meet again tomorrow.
Dean and Daniel planned to go for a swim today. Dean has already been waiting for 15 minutes, because Daniel has forgotten about it and is still home.
Martha has seen "Bohemian Rhapsody" with her boyfriend. She's been dating him for 2 years. Her boyfriend has a brother named Andy.
Daina finds disgusting a video Alvin thinks is funny.
Nick sends Julia a song to ask for her opinion and she really likes it.
Karisa is undecided about what she wants to eat. She chooses soup but the soup place is already closed. Lenny will buy chips and salad instead.
Tom wishes Ann and her family Merry Christmas.
Susie is at work. Evan is at the gym, but he's leaving in 15 minutes. Chad and Kenneth will meet at the gym in 20 minutes.
Ben is reminding Jack and Sandra about tomorrow's submission deadline.
Nichola, Billie, Tracy, and Greg are at a Funky Disco party. Gertie couldn't join because she has to take care of her grandparents.
Peter, Charles, Anita and Mark are meeting tonight at 7.30 in the lobby of Sheraton next to Prudential.
Joel has sent Mark a video from their youth and they bond over shared memories. Joel plans to invite all the people featuring in his video for a reunion. Joel will get back to Mark with more details soon.
Alexis is looking for a song that the DJ played at the party. Samuel sends her the link.
Gregg has just seen the girl Max is infatuated with. Max has not talked to her yet, since he is waiting for a perfect moment to do so.
Polly called the bank and they changed her transaction limit. Now Polly can use her card and doesn't need Tony's card. Polly will set up a Revolut account. Tony will send Polly an invite to Revolut.
Teddy, Mark and others went partying last night. Mr. Johansen wouldn't be happy about it, but, luckily for Mark, he's on a trip today.
Natasha and Terry are leaving Sankt Petersburg.
Claire's 30th birthday is next week. Roberta and Gertruda are already 30 and don't feel any different than before.
Emma hasn't supported financially the project recently. Mary, Cecil and Miles have to do something about that if they don't want the project to die.
The exam that Paula and Helen took was difficult.
Chris regrets eating over his keyboard.
Mary and James love each other very much.
"Infinity War" is a great film.
Lucy is leaving in 5 minutes. Polly and Gertrude are waiting for her.
Reuben wants Lucy and Marvin to join him, Daisy, and Norma for a walk.
Alyssa and Kate advise Joselyn to choose the red one instead of the black one.
Kas charges 12 pounds per lesson plus 50p per mile there and back for mileage. Kas is available on weekends, on Thursday after 4 PM and all day on Friday. Kas teaches children as well. It would cost 22 pounds per hour, if Kas came to Nialsea for lessons. Kas teaches from home too.
Emily, Brittany and Eric wish each other Merry Christmas.
Margot, Edward, Henry and Lia will go to Bosnia and Herzegovina. They want to see Sarajevo and Mostar there.
Luke's staying home with twins at Christmas. Jonah's going with Julie to hers and after to his parents. His son loves travelling by car. They're planning to meet at Luke's on Boxing Day.
Greg cannot pick up Jim's phone call because he is in the restroom.
He dressed as Spiderman on his last day at work. David thinks it's funny.
It's been 3 years since Paul's father died.
Patricia, Preston and Reynold are sharing vines.
Samantha sends Benjamin an offer. It got cheaper so they need to buy now.
Jill will be a little late. June is almost there and she will get a nice table for them.
Omari asked Tori to share the pictures with him, also those taken at the shopping center. Ethan has some more pictures.
Audrey and Adam are annoyed with the political situation in the UK concerning the Brexit. Audrey reckons the country is less powerful than before and people can be easily manipulated. Adam reckons the main problem is with real nationalists who share their believes with society.
Zack will come in a minute.
Mary Auckland, the professor sent Christopher Lucas a MA thesis example.
Alan's United Airlines flight was delayed and his bag was lost. Alan arrived to San Fransisco. His bag will be brought to his hotel tomorrow.
Tracy burnt a cake and she's looking for advice how to save it. Nick suggests to peel it with a knife, Dylan thinks grating off is better. Tracy grates the burnt part off.
Matthias shares a funny piece of news with John about China building a horizontal skyscraper. They both wish to see it one day.
Ann announces to John and Joan that they got a new important contract with Google. It'll permit them to grow by 50%. Ann will explain the details during their stand-up on Monday.
Sam is more prepared for the exam than Cal. They hope that the exam will not be as difficult as last year.
Troy is throwing a birthday party at his place this Friday as he is turning 25. He is inviting around 15 people. Troy's sister will be there too. Tracey and Paul will come. Troy will cook food for the guests.
Kevin wishes happy birthday to Simon. Kevin'd like to see Simon at his wedding but Simon's not sure about the exact date of his return. Simon promises to visit Kevin and his wife as soon as he's back.
Gil bought a lot of plastic plates but he doesn't need them. He'll offer them to the place's owner.
Anthony and Samantha are happy about the last-minute decision announcing the Independence Day long weekend. Luke worries about the political situation and the economy.
Confused with the declaration in June and having the option to choose classes in August, Aga, Maria, Iga, Przemek, Ehefan, and Rohit want to resign from the classes, but the dean says no.
Nadia is watching Russian Doll and is afraid that it will be a rip-off from Groundhog Day.
Henry will wake up at 6 am tomorrow. They are leaving home at 7, since there are few parking places at the underground station.
Kelly is sick. Ally made her chicken soup, and she'll deliver it to Kelly in 20 minutes.
Suzie is upset about her cats ruining her new couch.
Bertha and Maude met at the quilt show. Bertha needs some help with the double wedding ring pattern. Maude has made it at least 5 times and can help Bertha.
Casper, Wandzia and Jake are recalling high school times.
John is going to write a song. He wrote songs before but did not advertise it. Paul suggested writing a song about world peace.
Keira wants to meet Tom for coffee climbing wall next week. He is available on Tuesday and Thursday, but not Wednesday. Keira will let him know in a few days. Tom is going to Portugal, Baleal Peniche, in two weeks, but will have to work remotely. It is his 4th time visiting the same place.
Dylan is allowed to use the computer today. The password is 'Study'.
Maria, Martha and Tamara will attend the next meeting of the community next Thursday at 9 pm.
Bobby asks Jasmine to go out to the cinema tonight. She rejects his proposition, she has already set up a meeting with an old friend.
Siddhi wishes Greg happy new year and he wishes her the same. They're both fine.
David is cold again and would like to know what to do to stay healthy. Hayden eats a lot of vegetables and make smoothies. Hayden encourages David to do the same. David will try to make a smoothie the next day.
Ania and Franek are watching river dale.
Bart wants to change his job. El agreed to write Bart a reference. Bart will send El a list of his responsibilities.
Sidney is delaying his help with packing stuff. Carlie is really frustrated with his attitude.
Alissa is picking Sophie up.
Joshua wants to either approve or delete a file. Evelyn and Aria reckon it's not an ad so would approve it.
Maria will be downstairs in 3 minutes.
Meg and her friends are meeting at her place on Saturday at 8. Eva is going to join them.
Amy took Sam's phone again.
Jake is flying to Puglia in October. According to Margaret, he should visit Lecce, Alberobello, Polignano a Mare and Gargano.
Debra will have a little decluttering party on Friday at her house. Angelica and Heather will help Debra with some of her stuff to get rid of it.
Gabe has re-sent a photo from New York to Tatiana.
Jenny Morris Sharpei will pop over for 12. She will bring some drops for Molly and wormer. Council should come out this week. Jenny Morris Sharpei and Caron has to finish off preparations. Andy and Caron will take Luna and Molly for a big walk on Sunday. Jenny is fine with her new chap.
Jack will meet Oliver at the front gate in 10 min tops.
Joanna doesn't feel well. Simona feels ok. Jo called Sue at 1pm, but she didn't pick up. She will call her.
Alfie and Mia's mother has birthday this week. They will buy her a SPA treatment.
Anna is 20 min late. Nina will wait.
Alan arrived. James is coming.
Leslie, Jackie, Mike, Lucy and Josh are meeting at Leslie's place at 6. Jackie made a salad. Lucy tired to make a cake, but it didn't go well. Mike, Lucy and Josh don't consider themselves good cooks.
There are 67 days left till Christmas. It's Beth's turn to invite her family over, so she has a lot of preparations to do.
David, Yoav, and Yuval send birthday wishes.
Julia can't come to Julie today because she's very tired after her business trip to Canada.
Mike, Tom, Kate and Chris are discussing Narcos.
Suzanne can't go out this week as she has a lot of work, but she will meet with Barbara for a quick coffee.
Mary wants to invite Peter and Matthew over. Peter can make it but Matthew can't due to the exam on Tuesday.
Milla made an appointment with the allergy specialist on Jane's recommendation next week. Sue needs a check-up too.
Wesley does not like Laura's new boyfriend. Melissa had the opposite impression and wonders if they should tell Laura. Wesley feels she will be fine.
Rudy, Gary, May and Paula haven't seen each other in 7 years. Paula is in Berlin, Gary in Chicago, and May works as a teacher in China. She's planning to stay there for 2 more years.
Hank has seen all the episodes of this season of "American Gods". He liked it, though he has not read the novel. According to Bill the series is faithful to the original and also all the other books by Gaiman are worth reading.
Matthias and Jeff are on the highway and should be in Baltimore in around 2 hours. Matthias is driving.
Jane stood Amanda up. They were supposed to go to the cinema together. Linda will come with her instead. They are meeting at 8.
Andres and Laura are planning to go to a cinema. They decide to go to see "Cold War" as they liked another movie by the same director. They are going to meet at Kulturbrauerei at 8.45 on Thursday. Before that, Laura meets Lina to do yoga.
Ella has missed the bus and will be a bit late.
Mitch will be helping Reine with the software installation tomorrow at 10 am. Lily might need his assistance at that time too. Reine's new account hasn't been created yet.
Thomas is waiting for his turn at the doctor's. Thomas and Jason agree that all public services in their country need radical reform.
Octavio is in Rio. Gabriel saw his pictures on facebook. He will come to Rio for the Carnival and stay with Vicente. Octavio and Gabriel had fun last year.
Philip and Olivia are going to acro this weekend.
Caroline booked the hotel for Sven. He will be there on Friday and Caroline wants him to be on time.
Lynn wants to have one christmas jam from Kittie. Lynn's made her own marmelade from organic oranges bought this morning.
Denny has an appointment at 10. He'll call Wilma afterwards.
Lennie sends Daddy a picture of his location. The place is full of snow for Christmas.
Daniel has just finished watching Grand Blue anime series, recommending it to Tyler. Tyler will put Grand Blue on his "to watch" list.
Yesterday Luna met with a man who was wearing a track suit. He did not offer to pay for her coffee. She would like to meet him again.
Nate thinks the place is fine but they only serve seafood. They don't lke sea food. Bill is going to look for another place.
Sean's grandfather celebrates his 100th birthday tomorrow so they're organizing a party for 50 people at the weekend. Sean might do something for his grandfather rather than buy a present.
Matt and Jess are going to meet in 15 minutes at Jess's place. They are going to have some ice cold vodka.
Victoria's stressed and it's her turn.
Brian can't go to the meeting with Jeff neither today, nor on Monday.
Tommy made his first steps. Greta is proud of him.
Clarks suggests a book Emily should read.
Susanne is going to visit Anna during winter break. They might meet Tom, too.
Julia is staying in Paris at least two weeks and will pay Molly a visit to meet Molly's little princess.
Susan, Tom and Linda are bored at the university lecture. Linda sends photo of her drawings.
Conner got the jacket, shoes and a wig to match. Becky will take care of the playlist. Bryan won't make it. Gabby and Jo will be there.
Marc and John are looking at a photo and discussing the appearance of their friends.
Hope invited Rosa for a night in with friends on Thursday after 7 PM. Rosa will bring some snacks.
Lea will make an advert for Sash's van business. Sash and Lea will meet tomorrow.
Janet will start queuing to enter the new supermarket at 7 am on her mother's request. Vicky and Marta are very tired.
Simone fell down the stairs and broke his leg.
Nick likes Metallica, Glitch Mob, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, The Black Keys. Dave is trying to configure his youtube autoplay so that is resembles Nick's.
Lucas always finds "Prison Break" entertaining.
Tom is working from home at the moment and will be at the office by 12 pm.
Steven, Trevor and Logan are going to watch episodes 1-3 on the first night of their "Star Wars" marathon.
Paula found an interesting article about rhetorics and shared it with Camile.
Victoria is in the toilet and there's no toilet paper. Skylar will bring her some.
Daisy will save episode 9 of Suits on a flash drive and give it to Luke.
Radha wants to know when Silvia and Sarath will join her in breakfast. Silvia's coming now and Sarath'll join them in 20 minutes.
Someone robbed James and May's place. They stole the TV, kitchen equipment and a laptop. The police is there and checks everything. The dogs didn't alarm James, because they were sleeping in the bedroom.
John will come and visit today.
Laura is on the subway going to work. Jeff hasn't left yet so he will bring his laptop on Mary's request.
Liv is trying on a piece of winter clothing which she thinks is warm and comfortable. Roxana thinks she should take it.
Sue met her yesterday for a glass of champagne and the meeting turned into a party.
Steven will organize a meeting for his high school friends after 15 years. They will meet in the Irish Pub. Roman and Steven were conflicted.
Josh, Mark, Emma and Hannah are playing sports at 7:30 pm tonight.
Alyssa, Lou and Gina are planning a pajama party. Alyssa will make banana bread, they will order pizza and watch “Casablanca”.
Bruno and Kate want to go on a sailing trip. Tom will organise it and he recommends the Caribbean. Kate'll ask him to prepare the cost estimation.
Julia skipped school today and was seen later with Josh by Hailey. Emilia believes Julia is in trouble because Josh is gay. Hailey didn't know he was homosexual.
Pam and Kitty will meet at the Shrimp House at 3 PM to celebrate finishing their exams. Plates at the Shrimp House cost 30-35 PLN. Pam will clean her room first. Pam spent the whole week studying.
Patrick is throwing a party this weekend and would like to invite the new girl, Jasmine, but he doesn't have her number.
Telma lets Holger vent.
He is really cool and Paulina talks to him basically every day. They will meet in person next month if he is in town.
Alejandra has been having a headache for several days now. She has been taking medicines for her headache but has not seen a doctor.
Jeremy cannot log into his work account. He is dreading the prospect of having to call tech support.
Angela saw 4 apartments this week. The one recommended by Dolores was good, but it has a very small bedroom. Angela wants to see a few more options and she will decide next week.
Marlene breaks up with Ned because he kissed another person. Ned was drunk then and doesn't remember that.
Tom asked her out. Jeff doesn't like her.
Daniel's friend loves animals. She adopted few animals from the shelter. Now she has 6 dogs, a parrot and a fish.
Ben is going to cinema with Poppy to watch "The nutcracker and the four realms".
Aunt Rosie wrote to Olga. Aunt Rosie is coming back home from Austria and getting married.
Linn is cooking spaghetti carbonara in accordance with the Italian recipe. Zoe thinks Linn's food looks delicious.
Bob and Michael got drunk last night. Last place they visited before Marge puked and they went home was called Buenas Nachos.
Anna Telka will eat a cream cone at DQ again.
Makayla is having a horror night with Jason tonight. They will watch 'The Shining'.
David has bought a pair of sneakers because he wants to stay fit. He also bought a Ralph Lauren jacket as a present for Sandy.
David is waiting outside. Bill and Victoria are almost done, they need 10 minutes.
Sam will bring Andy beer and Andy will do the dishes for a week. Andy doesn't like desperados.
Anabel gives Malaki advice on applying foundation.
Grace wants to create a band with Jack and Luke. Luke thinks it is a good idea.
Days are gloomy. Next week it will be sunnier but colder. Max has to do his workout outside next week. Max and Mia will meet this weekend.
Peter, Pip and Jill are going to a festival together. They're going to meet up in a restaurant XYZ next to the railway station.
Matt finds all the latest Avengers 4 theories fun but Yuri and Jack reckon it's a waste of time.
Mike and Jay enjoyed their team scoring two goals in final minute. Steffen is not a hockey fan.
Karan will go to Nathan's office when he finishes. He has a report for Nathan.
Jason's flight was tiring but cool. Jason wishes he had taken his pullover because it's cold at the east cost. Mum wants Jason to send lots od pics including the shoffey band. Jason will visit the Liberty Statue tomorrow.
Helen is admiring Megan's dish.
Vince and Chuck will play FIFA in one hour.
The cat is banging at the door and Jim is supposed to let him in now.
Mum and Shirley saw each other in the weekend. Shirley hasn't finished the fireplace wall yet. Shirley needs to finish the backing and cover the inside of the fireplace. Shirley sends Mum a photo, when the work is finished.
Jane's sent a document to Jones via e-mail.
Fiona couldn't find Jim until he waved at her.
Susan got home safely.
This guy wants to exchange Chris's Crash Bandicoot for another game. Ronald will help Chris decide which to choose when he knows what is offered.
Carola, Jay and Kyle have to go for a obligatory meeting tonight in Aspen 349 at 9 PM. They don't know if it is because they did something wrong.
Joanna bought some cheap and nice pyjama pants for Tina in XS size.
Franz and Mark are about to take a shower.
Aaron is going to call Linda tomorrow as he has a free morning.
Connor will contact the replanting company to pick up his Christmas tree and replant it in the forest. Charlie has sent him the link.
Edyta loves the IKEA candles she bought in Blue City and Jannie wants to come too.
Lonnie's favourite superhero is Batman, Randy's is Superman and Sam's Spiderman.
Sid will pick Rose up at 6, and she will pack him leftovers from the party at the office. What is left are meat dishes, soup and dessert.
Johnny will lend 3 eggs to Etham.
Devin and Nate are in a red Ford Mondeo at the parking lot near the main entrance. Kai's going to join them.
Becky has just bought a new house. Kevin wants to help out. Sharon will help too as she has an SUV.
Sherif wants Aneta to translate an English website into Polish. Sherif will send the rest of the files by the end of week to make it easier. Aneta will do it next week before Christmas.
Carson will go to Shambala. Sheldon will too if his mom will lent him money. Tina will go too.The tickets cost less. Carson and Tina will rent a place to stay together.
Karen will be back on Sunday. Karen and Jasper are going to spend the whole day in bed. They will order food, watch Netflix, and sleep until the afternoon. Jasper has a special gift for Karen.
Natasha and Jim are working on the tasks for Apple.
Josh wants to talk to Anne on Skype but she has to study. Josh asks Ann if she is going to Spain, she answers she won't. Josh goes to have a breakfast.
Lakers are playing at 4 am our time.
Summer will borrow her pass to Alexander on Alexander's request. Owen haven't got his own one yet.
Bettina has a fig tree and she has had her first harvest this year. She hasn't used any fertilizers or sprays on her fig tree. Bettina prefers her figs raw. Where Essy lives, local figs often have worms.
Jacob loves Denver and wants to get a job in the area and move there in future. Wendy has not been to Colorado.
Jen sent Paul an email. Paul will check it later.
Dan is waiting for Karolina.
John and Mary have to do exercises 3 to 7 for their assignment. John didn't know exercises 5 and 6 were discussed in class today. John will ask Paul to explain them to him.
Beth has a problem with returning from Spain as EasyJet has cancelled all flights.
Greta and Sue will go and see their new friends on stage on the 19th January.
Boris voted for Brexit, but wouldn't vote differently now even though he thinks it's a mess now.
Adrian wants to get a lunchpad.
Miah finished her project. Charlie and Miah will meet on Thursday at 7. Charlie will go to the gym before the meeting.
Paul sent some files to Jake and there is going to be a short presentation tomorrow.
Pamela and Omer are coming to dinner now.
Chuck is on his way to visit Maya.
Robin and Brewster are staying for the weekend.
Mark travelled to LA by plane. He was sitting next to a man. Amy and mark love and miss each other.
Jackie has a doctor's appointment tomorrow at 4:30 pm. After that, she is going to meet Julie at 5:30.
Nora, Zoey and Mila are having a gif war.
Isabelle and Riley are having a test tomorrow. Riley is prepared. Isabelle will sit next to him.
Tony got Jim's mail yesterday. They will see each other in the office tomorrow.
Patty ate Jerry's salad but will go to the store right now and buy him a new one.
Len tells Paul about the cover story he shared with Paul's partner, and advises him to call her. Paul is very grateful for that.
Mary made a vegan celery casserole. Agnes is allergic to hazelnuts.
Greg passed his exam. He will come to the UK after his next exam.
Lyla doesn't watch the Dynasties show. She watches the show Big Bang. Tab wants to watch it together with Lyla.
Arthur, Lisa and Kevin are meeting today at 4.30. Rachel cannot join them.
The 4th season of Narcos is out today. Ola and Thomas have seen the previous season. The new season is taking place in Mexico and features an actor that Thomas can't imagine in a serious role. It doesn't seem interesting to Thomas.
Pete wants to split with Megan for the vacation. Jeff will talk to Pete tonight.
Engelbert likes Sasha's photo on FB. Sasha doesn't know him and is not interested in talking to him.
Amy has to go to work and she needs someone to take care of Peter. Jennifer is at work too. Lisa asks Amy to bring Peter to her place.
Abigail needs support. Amber and Faith will come to her place.
Matt stops Peter and Janet's conversation.
Natasha is free in 5 minutes for a call with Piper.
Rich is arranging with Jo for Molly to play with Emma on Friday. Jo will pick up Emma back at 7.
Brisa cannot install Windows on her PC. Ean cannot help her right now, but he is sending his older brother to her house.
Kate and Jake don't have enough space for Jake's new purchase, so Kate wants him to return it immediately.
Emma is going to watch "Outlander" again tomorrow because she loves it.
Ruby recons lectures are a waste of time because the professor keeps talking about his private life.
Nick won't lend money to Erin for Prada shoes.
Taylor wants to appoint a lesson with June in the morning, but June might not be able to wake up that early. They will discuss it later.
Khloe didn't switch the motor on.
Hun isn't upset with Jim anymore after seeing a couple fight over fries. She promises to order something small for herself next time, even if she doesn't feel hungry.
Zachary will visit Ryan to borrow some PC parts for building a test bench.
Jane wants to talk to Phil but he doesn't have time for her.
Pam's hairdryer broke and Lisa gave it to Chris to fix it.
Jake's prepared the dinner, cleaned the kitchen and done the shopping. Janice still has to do some reports for Donna but promises to come home soon.
Anastasia, Marlene and Jenny are planning to go to the Disneyland.
The election in Kongo has been postponed. Ian thinks Ebola and terrorist attacks are a pretext to undermine the opposition's effort to win the election.
Tom has a problem with OneRing but Kira Kage can't help him.
Ben, Bill and Dominic want to quit together at the same time. They won't tell her until the last day, because they don't trust her.
Jill will be late for work. He wants them to tell Paul he will be 15 minutes late. Gina informs that Paul is out of office today. Gina and Ill will meet in the kitchen.
Malcolm and Iris won't watch the world series tonight. They will watch something on Netflix instead.
Dylan is free on Tuesdays because the school where he works as a teacher is having holiday. Dylan mainly teaches business English at schools and private companies.
Peter and Martha discuss world politics after Peter sends Martha an article. Martha doesn't think that the US will go to war as it's not profitable. Peter believes that certain groups might push for an armed conflict to profit more. Peter believes history works in cycles of war.
Jack has to go on an important conference in Manchester. Meg tells him to quit the job but Jack has to pay the debts.
Marsha will pick up he child from the nursery in a taxi and Kate will pay her back. Marsha doesn't have a credit card so cannot use Uber. Tommy finds it strange.
Tatiana hasn't finished the required trainings. Regina needed 9 hours to complete them. Regina will help Tatiana but she has to start now to finish till tomorrow.
Joan will be there in 10 minutes. Simon is waiting.
Sofia will visit Veronica next weekend. Veronica's daughter Annie likes Sophie.
Hugh and Naomi need to get some warmer clothes out of the closet as the winter is coming.
Karen needs film recommendations ASAP. Charles watches series only. Anne sucks at comedies but will help with a good drama.
Diane didn't get the job at the PR agency she had an interview with on Friday.
Lisa wants to watch a tv serious but they need to get HBO GO subscription. Karl and Lisa will discuss it later.
Kitty needs the account numbers of Barb and Ken to wire them money.
Pamela and her brother are going to Larry's birthday. Jennifer will share that information with Trish.
Robert wants Lucy to send more candidates he might interview, but they all left. One of them had another appointment and the other one was tired of waiting. Robert spent too much time with previous candidate. The candidate was qualified but Robert is not convinced to hire him.
Jackie is going home. Yohannes is hungry. Jake offered Yohannes and Jackie going to Alexander's. Jake will meet Yohannes in a bit.
Sue took in a parcel for her neighbour Bob. Bob will be home after 6.
Chay and Shantelle will skip Muse's concert in Bristol next June.
Susan invites Marge for a drink tonight. Olive can't go with them.
Deborah forgot her wallet.
They are going to try and catch the 5 pm train.
Vicky cannot meet Sue tonight because she is in Paris.
The vitamins that Evelina takes are called 'Centrum.' Lucas is in a drugstore.
Scott will call Leah in a minute.
Jasmine is popular at school probably because she is confident and friendly. Sophie is beautiful, but if she was nicer, then maybe George would notice her.
Gavin and Ezra will meet for rum and coke after Ezra's returning from holidays.
Monica dislikes everything about her new job.
Paul and Daniel are trying to arrange a meeting for themselves and Darren.
Caron compalins about Dave's methods of conducting training. Dave took a lady on the motorway on their first session. Rob says motorways are the safest types of roads. Caron is emailing her to let her know Dave will carry on the sessions in his own car.
Abi had some work to send in the morning. She can't sleep now and feels like she's going slightly mad.
Guy finished the book Marta gave him. She needs it back because Simon wants to read it. Guy will bring the book tomorrow.
Liam will see Cole at 8 in his room.
Kate meets Ryan at cinema at 8.
Aaliyah is meeting Kelly. She will be home around 10 pm. She will not have dinner with Michael.
Monica forgot to close the window in her room. Rod will close it for her.
Lola doused the blouse with the soup. Erica will bring Lola something clean to wear.
This evening Emma will be trying some clothes on. She will attend a wedding this weekend. She is waiting for Tom's parents. She will control her wardrobe in order to see if she can find a suitable outfit.
Ian invites Samantha to enrol in the Italian Language and Culture on-line course organised by Wellesley College. If interested, Samantha has to enrol before the list closes on the 20th September. The classes start the week of 25th September.
Lisa and the kids are coming over to Ana's house in the afternoon. Ana will order pizza without meat and the children will play with her dog.
Cora has had her hair cut short because she is travelling to the tropics.
Cam is trying to convince Lucky that his favourite band's new song is awesome.
Bert is on keto diet. Roman wants to try it. Bert eats a lot of fat, but no carbohydrates. Tonight Bert will meet Roman at the gym on Sycamore street to talk about the diet.
Lora was wearing a horrible outfit yesterday.
The class starts at 10.15 for Rebecca and Wendy.
Ric will let Sonia copy Doctor Who season 8 and 9. Sonia may come over to Ric's place to watch movies.
Jason's office lost a 2.5 million relationship and 7 employees since October.
Mason has a meeting tonight and Olivia is working until after 5:30. Mason and Olivia wants to share a Google calendar to put an end to missing things.
Susie drank too much last night. She feels like death. They went to the Abbey. Bobby had a great time. He really liked Susie's friends. Susie's going back to sleep.
Daniel's cooperation with Jacob on his project was a success. Daniel will be the liaison professor at Jacob's department.
Jeff, Jospeh, Melissa and Barbara are going to the party in Novoli. It's too cold for a walk and the taxies are unavaliable on New Year's Eve. They decide to try car2go. The worst case scenario they will take a tram.
Connor is planning to help Ruby and her group with translating some texts as part of a project. Ruby will send him the tasks and rules later so that he can make a final decision.
Octavia will buy 2 cokes and something crispy for Mela and one sprite for Anita.
Alice's mobile plan is coming to an end and she's looking for a new one. She doesn't want to change her network.
Daisy is looking for a new dress for her sister's wedding in June.
Karen suggests sex and Lisa - death as taboo topics.
Bob informed Barbara that Fiona will come to the PTA meeting a bit later.
Nat's keys are on the window sill.
Lily is from Sydney and Meghan is from NYC.
Lucas likes Sophie who is Torreira's good friend.
Ben is coming over to Aurora now.
Grace and Natalie are going to zumba today at 5 pm. Grace will bring Natalie's book. She finished it yesterday night.
Hunter is sick all week. His friends tell him that Plummer got livid when nobody in the class could give him a correct answer. He mentioned Hunter's name.
Logan is waiting for a chick at his place. Dennic and Mason will keep their fingers crossed.
Lisa forgot about her meeting with Adam. She will be with Adam in a moment.
Melissa and Margerie are going to the Mall to check out some Halloween costumes.
Paul saw how Patrick and his team destroyed Manchester City over the weekend.
$100m are missing, as Ann reports. Liam voted for him during the presidential elections.
Terry is leaving tomorrow at 8. Manuela and Ron are in Duitama, going to Cucuta. Terry will pick them up at about 13.
Gill has missed the lectures today because he has the stomach flu. He's taking a day off tomorrow as well.
Noah needs his dad's car. Mike will be at home at 8 pm.
Tibi charged Michelle's Skype account and will handle the issue of MicroSip's bad quality.
Fiona sends Piotr her photo from Halloween 1999.
Cate's doctor said her condition is not dangerous. Cate and Adam will go to the Thai restaurant Cate wanted to go to to celebrate. Cate will make a reservation for 8 o'clock.
Linden has a new e-mail address linden@gmail.be. Litia will use it to send her pictures of her dog.
Susan will come to Bonnie's birthday party on Saturday at 8.
Lourdes had her car painted orange.
The ring that Jane got is too big for her. Jill will take it from her in the morning and exchange it for a smaller one.
Ines lost her wallet. Mike comforts her.
When Chris was going back from a gig, he was hit by a cop car. His car is in the garage in Heaton getting assessed. Frank can drive him around in the next few days.
Gina will talk to Jerry in half an hour.
Mohammed had an amazing time at Edward's wedding.
Dinny had a meeting at work. Tessa is on her way to Cuba. Harr did grocery shopping for the weekend and is going to cook.
Tanner wants to leave her current job, but doesn't have time to look for a new one. Claudia convinces Tanner to spend 30 minutes per day on job hunting.
Anne can't come to Betty's birthday party because of stomach flu.
Natalie is packing for a trip. Chris advises Natalie to pack thermoactive clothes and a good sleeping bag. He advises not to take too many things.
Jax has found a perfect present for Erin for Christmas.
Margot found out from Chris that there will be a delay of 1-2 days. Chris is working on the problem right now, but then he will have to wait 2 days for the floor to dry out.
Bonnie needed to stay at home. Ryan won't wait for her.
Greg won't be home for dinner as he's going to the library with Mary, Mom will leave him some dinner in the oven.
Mike is happy, because Sam's moved out. Mike and Frank grumble about Brexit. Frank is in dispute with Freda, because she voted for Brexit. Mike will talk to Freda in order to help Frank.
Sophie finds Marcel's visit to Boston awkward. Sophie got flowers from Marcel, he said he love her and wanted to kiss her which Sophie found crippling.
Zoe is preparing a picture for an art show. She is not very happy with her job and she is not sure she's going to get it right.
Josh and Jessica will meet at 6 pm tomorrow and go to an alpine store. Josh will help her choose hiking boots.
Randy used to love his previous job but he didn't earn enough. Randy found a new one that is ok but it's well-paid.
Lunch break starts at 1PM. Tom, Ahmed and Tanja are going to meet at the canteen for lunch at around 2PM to avoid crowds..
Kate talked to her boss today and changed her working hours to 11-19. She will celebrate it with Tom tonight at Viva Italia at 9 p.m.
Patricia will order 2 chicken burritos, nachos with guacamole and a coke for David to go in the new Mexican restaurant and bring it to his place. After that they will go to see the new Johnny English movie at 21:40.
Sakis and Alex will go to Greece this summer. The grandma is sick. Alex will search for flights with Aegean Airlines.
Chris wanted to take his wife on the guys' night out. Marty and Bernie are against it.
Paula's train is delayed because someone died on the railroad tracks. She will let Trevor know when the train departs.
Denis is a bit hangover. Yesterday Jake was really drunk and Denis had to help him enter a cab. Jake almost fell asleep at the party and drank a couple of shots. Jake didn't eat anything since 4 that day. Jake and Denis will eat something before they drink next time.
William and Noah were not impressed by dakota johnson in that movie.
Adrien shares with Cathy an idea for their show. He has also lost the game.
Clarisse does not have a cable service. Seth is a big fan of movies, especially of tv. Seth enumerates advantages and disadvantages of a cable tv and a streaming service. Clarisse chooses to buy the streaming service, because this is the cheaper option.
Jen thinks it's cheesy what Pierce Brosnan did for his wife on the 25th anniversary. He tweeted pictures of them thanking for 25 years of love. Jen compares her relationship with Pete to the marriage of Pierce Brosnan. Lena believes Jen should not compare.
There is a bad movie night in St Club on Friday. Twiggy and Colby are going.
Adriana is feeling sick, so she needs to give up her plans for today. Elisa went to the pool, she did 1 hour of swimming and 1 hour of sauna.
Charles has a new diet. It's effective, but it's giving him bad breath.
Mitchell found what Lorenzo was looking for. He will pick it up in 2 minutes.
He is going to pay Barry for saying that.
Daria is whining about her job. Daria doesn't feel good in the workplace, because other girls hate her. Freddy will ask in his company if they need someone new.
Tommy and his brother are getting the new Beatles collection for their dad's birthday. Diana bought a set of four ties. Tommy can come over 5-5.30. Tommy's grandma is getting better after the operation. Tommy's Aunt Irene is coming tomorrow as well.
Bobby and Dom arrange a meeting in 20 minutes at Bobby's place to watch the last episode of Maniac together.
Peter, Liam, Sean and Josh plan their trip to Moscow. They decide to go to Riga first and spend there 3 days.
Vanessa doesn't have any work this month. David is currently translating a book. He will let her know if he hears about any work.
Mr Bongo went back to Morocco. He survived a coup, as Ali reports. Cecilia sent a meme about the failed coup.
Anne's tap is leaking from the bottom and she doesn't know how to fix it.
Julia can't return her new shoes. Monica will send around a photo of the shoes to look for a buyer.
Oliver confirmed his appointment with Dr. Lee.
It's been over a month and Sasha still hasn't read the book she got from Rosemary, The Brain. Rosemary needs the book tomorrow but Sasha is working late tonight and won't be able to bring it over. Rosemary will get it from her tomorrow morning.
Ben and Nathaniel had a test. Nathaniel is sure he won't pass it, while Ben is optimistic about his result. Ben will share his notes with Nathaniel.
Susie wants Sue to wait as she's coming.
Lora is taking a few days off to rest.
Poppy went speed-dating and no-one liked her. Oliver is weird.
The company sets up a fund-raiser for LGBT rights. Howard and Anna are pleasantly surprised by it. Peter considers it wrong and goes on a rant about the leftists. He prefers to separate the work and the politics.
Kristen wants to buy it next week.
Micke and Dave think Wendy has become prettier since she came back from Houston. Jerry is Wendy's lover. Dave will hit on Wendy.
Toby is in Monrovia and will be back on Monday. Jim doesn't have Toby's number.
A new album of Behemoth was released. This album contains songs Bartzabel and Sabbath Mater.
Jill cannot reach James, because he is on the phone with Ela. Jill asks him to end the convesation and call her immediately.
Edna will get a pony from her parents as a birthday present. Charlotte's parents can't afford one. Charlotte might visit Edna.
Lucy and Sue think of booking a box at the Cheltenham racecourse for Marjory's 70th birthday. Lucy will ask Gary for opinion.
Cierra picked it up from the parcel shop today. Tucker finishes in 20 minutes. He will come to Cierra in around 45 minutes. Cierra will be home, but she's leaving at 3.
Steve was at work. He went to IKEA to buy cutlery and blankets afterwards.
SweetyMalongo asked Nigel if he is married. Nigel replied that he is, to an angel, after which SweetyMalongo left.
Mary and Carlos will see 'The Lion King' next summer.
Ginny and Harry are going to party on Saturday. Harry will pick Ginny up at 8.
June's going to the mall and wants Lena to join her. She'll pick her up at 5.
Brad is interested in renting a room in Andy's apartment. Brad and Andy are meeting up in 15 minutes.
Ben's mother celebrates her birthday today. Chris will buy her green tea with chocolate flavour. Chris will come over at 8.
Nel was out of town. She's back now. Nel and Mona will meet on Monday at 6.
Kate has a birthday.
Sammy bought to many vegetables so she will bring some for Crista's pet.
Rowena will give Agnes left-overs from her dinner for tomorrow.
Karl doesn't want Pipa to miss the train. The train is due at 3:40 pm.
Kirsten and Johnny parked at the city hall. They have a new green car.
Dex invited Matt, Derek and his sister to watch the game on Saturday. Matt is not happy to hang out with Derek.
Lena bought a new t-shit but she thinks she won't wear it. Nina may take it, but she needs to try it out first.
Paul and Scott enjoy the same music.
Vikki won a competition. There was a one-point difference between Vikki and the girl immediately behind her in the score. Vikki received vouchers and books as a prize. Vikki's waiting for her father to pick her up in McDonald's. Leonor will leave food for Vikki to microwave.
Aubrey has just had some delicious pizza in the place near the national museum. She will go there with Corina and Chris next week.
Eric haven't attended his classed lately. Shannon, Dorothy and Eric have a new Italian teacher. Eric will talk to Dorothy and Shannon tomorrow.
Michelle lost her wallet, probably on the train.
Henry wants Kyle to pass him salt, but Kyle will pass him something else instead.
James tells Lucy that he will be later tomorrow. He needs to take Sue's car home.
Maria's finally sent her CV, which Laura helped her to prepare.
Jake and Chuck don't have partners for the project. Jake didn't go today. They will prepare a presentation on French revolution together. The deadline is next week.
Eden is in front of the cathedral. It brings him and Luis back good memories. Eden prays for Luis and Luis prays for Eden and Dan.
Edgar has taken pictures of ponies and pigeons at the circus and the store.
Nick collects swords, which he prefers to guns.
Tom booked a tennis court for Sunday but Mike can't play with him. He injured himself while running last week. Tom has to cancel the reservation.
Yolanda, Isa and Helen will walk together to find Tom's house. The party starts at 9. They will meet at 8:30-8:40 at the Alonso Penha station.
Austen is going to write a letter and give it to Tessa tomorrow.
Esme scoffs at the cute frog Peeta has left in her wallet.
Zoe forgot to take the laundry out of the washing machine. James switched the washing machine on again, because the laundry stunk. Zoe will be back in about 2 hours and she will empty the washing machine herself.
Hannah and Jonah are considering joining an event at the vineyard which starts at 7.30 and Hannah offers to pick up John, Kasey and Chad on their way. John advised Hannah to take something to sit on. There's a restaurant at the vineyard but Hannah will prepare a picnic basket anyway.
Amanda doesn't like Jake and she makes fun of the fact that he has a beard now.
Peter's making a playlist for tonight. He's going to do a mix of the 70s and the 80s.
Percy will complete the survey which Melanie needs for her master thesis.
Matt, Brian, Alex, Jackie, Mark, Armin, and some other people are watching RuPaul Drag Race tonight.
Walter and Susan haven't bought dad a Christmas gift yet. They're thinking of giving him a razor or a CD.
There are 3,432 foamed cabinets left in the first bay according to Choula. Amit is afraid that won't go over well.
Rod shares with Mel photos from the Slayer's concert he's been to. Mel went to Iron Maiden's concert this summer.
It's been a month since Sharon last had a kettle and she's looking forward for the new one to arrive.
Julio is looking for his recipe for overnight breakfast casserole. Polly does not have it, but she thinks Julio should look for one on the Internet. He prefers to find the other one as it had a special ingredient.
Betty is going to the beach. She will be at the same spot they went to last time. Camille will join her soon. Jordan will join them in 1 hour. Jordan needs to do grocery shopping for his mom. He will take his GoPro to the beach.
Eliza will borrow Sammy's copy of "Great Gatsby". She needs it back next semester as she's taking a class about its author, but Eliza needs it just for two weeks.
Darcy offers Aileen some pie, but she has to go to him to get it.
Lily wants to go out. Her mother refuses, because Lily has to learn.
Mary, Caroline and John where at Thabo's fashion show. Thabo used ethnic elements from Basotho tribe. He's from Maseru, Lesotho and he wants to promote Basotho culture. Louis Vuitton used Basotho blankets in his collection.
Teddy sat on his birthday cake. He bought cookies and chocolate for his colleagues.
Gaby will talk with Jeff about going with Abby and Mark to Valentine's dinner at Boscaiola.
Robert and Bertrand were at a party last night. There was a lot of beer. Robert drunk a lot and was behaving strangely, insulting some girls.
Paul will feed the cats.
Brenda is expecting a baby with Luke or someone else. She has not told Luke about the pregnancy and is unsure if she will do it at all.
Rachel, Ivonne and Alex will meet at 6:30 tomorrow at the main entrance to the departures.
Skylar has a problem with a hair loss. Cecilia advises her to check her thyroid, to apply fenugreek seeds on her scalp before washing her hair and to replace shampoo with a hair conditioner.
Filip wants that Alienor translates for him a manual of a device manufactured by his father from English to French. Alienor translates the fragments of the manual and sends them back to Filip. He will approach her later for some more translation.
Michael is stuck in a traffic. Alexandra will make him hot cocoa when he arrives.
There was an experiment that meant to show how often women are groped in public. Savannah does not believe that such experiments raise awareness of sexual harassment.
Sven will pick a Disney movie at the end of this semester.
Parker has had a new printer for 2 weeks now. The printer is working well.
Walter will be back in 2 weeks. Afterwards, he, Christina and Britney will go to the seaside.
Jasmine got together with Joe at school, after her previous boyfriend confessed that he had been gay.
Scott has just got the test results and everything is fine. Fred and Christy are relieved.
Sarah doesn't care about a handsome guy who was looking at her in the bus. She's self-aware and values inteligence more than the looks. Monica is positively surprised and impressed.
Julian is trying to lose weight so he's writing down what he eats. Grace used about 340g of vegetables per portion.
Jack and Zack will play a game tonight, they complain about being an adult.
Doug and Luke are appalled by Jim's Facebook post in which he is happy about a politician's death. They are remembering the good old times.
Toby was made to clean the garage by his dad. Toby found some interesting things from Amanda's childhood. Toby will keep them for Amanda.
George has seen "Friends" 10 times. Anny has watched it 8 times. Anny's favorite characters are Joey and Monica. George and Anny consider Monica to be a mother figure in the series. They think "Friends" is the best series of all time.
Katie and Danny miss each other.
Andy and Gary'll have a lunch in the canteen in 3 minutes.
For the International Management project on the 13 December, Essa will do the introduction, Tankred will do the education. They will meet 30 minutes before the class to discuss the presentation with Louise.
Kasper and Kevin agreed to get a taxify. Kasper's on his way to Kevin.
Nadia wasn't feeling well on Friday. Hannah is at her sister's house. Hannah will send regards to her family on Nadia's request.
Charity's sending Gilberto selfies, he wants more.
John's team lost the game. Audrey comforts him.
Rachel is doing the assignments. Eric's last scores are bad. Rachel will be his study partner.
Jeff, Mary and Tommy are going to a supermarket tomorrow.
Abigail is angry with Adam for disregarding her and won't talk to him.
Anna wants to go and get some food for dinner. She and Daniel are getting cabin fever.
Abel will drive Suzie to the sports centre at 6:30.
Diego thinks that Diana's doing drugs. She looked really strange yesterday.
Kasia and Sarah agree to meet on Tuesday but Kasia gets sick. They will meet at 6 pm on Thursday at Costa Coffee in the centre instead.
Lee lets Mason know about the betting site being back online right now, so he can check it now.
Mariah has her homework to do, so she cannot go for drinks with Joshua and Ralph.
Jessie wants to talk to Helen on Skype but Helen is busy at the moment. They agree to talk on Saturday evening as Jessie wants to share some gossip with Helen.
Pedro asked Veronica out. They are going to the cinema and maybe for some drinks.
Tequila is Thomas' favorite alcohol. Neil prefers vodka.
Neither Elisabeth nor Derek know how to solve this. Arthur wants all the important formulas on one piece of paper.
In the bad dream Jen had last night, she was sitting in a white room at a chair, she couldn't move and lab people were poking her with sharp metal instruments. Tonight Ben will stay over to keep her safe.
Henry is reading Lord of the Rings. Giulia doesn't like Tolkien's works as she finds them too complicated.
Lenny does not work for a company from Mali anymore. Islamists took control over a significant part of the country which made it unsafe. Lenny and Kim are now working with a company in Burkina Faso.
Sarah invites her parents and siblings to Saturday dinner.
Amber lost her flower necklace. Gabriel will look for it when cleaning. Mariah found it in her pocket and she will bring it to the office on Monday.
Mateusz is not happy about Piotr closing down. Mateusz reckons it's due to bad planning. Neither Sarah nor Alexander are surprised.
Jake is organising a poker game on Sunday, 10 am. Mike and Molly have a sick kid. Terry will come with his kid.
Claudia will borrow House of Cards DVD from David. He will bring it to the school.
Radcliff and Doe will play squash on Friday at 6 pm. Haven is out. Lyman has a twisted ankle. Lyman had a scan and a visit, he has a week off.
The last year student cut the tyres on 11 cars in the school car park. Math teacher's car got all four tyres cut.
Elisabeth will buy some bread for Ann.
Johnny, Karen, and Molly are going to rent a house in Ibiza from April 1st to 15th. Elena and Tobias will join them for a week.
Matt needs to buy tickets. Chris thinks Matt should check out the website he used last year. Chris advises Matt to use a browser's private mode when he is looking for good deals.
Leona is bored. Otto sends her a link to Predator, the last movie he saw.
Lee cannot access the server because he didn't change his password in time. Matt sends Lee a link to reset Lee's password.
Trey is going to buy tickets for the concert.
Frank and Alice are up for playing some fifa now but Maddy is out.
Jerry will take line A or C to get to Katie's place 1199 Dean St. It will take Jerry about 40 minutes.
Jason prepared a supper for Tess on Valentine's Day. John bought flowers for Shannon. They went out to eat.
Jacob, Isabella and Adrian are laughing at McDonald's billboard.
Jason is going to play games all night during New Year's Eve. Mike doesn't understand that and offers him other alternatives. Jason is not convinced. For him NYE is nothing special.
Lisa hasn't heard from Jack in a while, which is unusual for him. Jack's been busy.
Rose bought a jacket in the second hand shop Bree likes as well. Rose's mother paid for half of this jacket.
Jorge, Nancy and Hilary are not US citizens, so they can't apply for the funding.
John wants to become a programmer. He does not know any programming languages yet.
Adela has gone out to the shops. Jo is looking after the kids and then Nan will come over to collect them at 5. Dexter will sign Meg's permission slip and give Kyle his medicine.
Vaclav came back from his vacations in Sierra. Kathy is leaving on Monday next week to her trip in the Caribbean.
Bud, Terrence, Arnie and Jeff are going to meet on Saturday for pizza and beer.
Norma has a new Japanese tattoo. Both Marston and Royce like it.
On Sara's request, Judd will take part in the 5K run, which is organized for a good cause.
Lavy congratulated Tasha.
Juan is coming for a week in September. Anna will not see him because she is going to Cuba then. Juan does not want to come in August because tickets are cheaper for September.
Ashley is temporarily living in Warsaw. She stays busy and doesn't like the cold. Tim will call her on Wednesday around noon.
Ronnie is tired of his work as a linguist. He has to create dialogues in Russian and after writing 200 of them he finds it difficult to find what to write about.
Marcel, Ella and Cheryl like listening to minimalist classical music while working. Marcel will try Steve Reich music.
Ethan and Joshua are playing at 4 pm on Thursday.
Ernest's waiting for Serge next to the bar.
Thomas doesn't want to add Trudy to their WhatsApp group because she doesn't belong to the family.
Lucia sent to Margaret a photo they took yesterday.
Chandler will try to write a one-shot only if Brittany sends him a new chapter of her fic. She agrees. Chandler likes her work a lot. She sometimes thinks about writing her own book. The main character would be an unlikely hero.
Dorothy wants to get lunch with Ted but Ted is on holidays. Ted will call Dorothy on Monday.
Kelly is going to Paul tomorrow and doesn't know what to expect. Ann and Jenny share their views on the ideology of love.
Elsie wants pizza for dinner even though she had it for lunch. Rachel wants some variety for her.
Kevin still has not received the PS4 Pro he ordered. Jason is disappointed that they cannot play on it yet.
Lucas is busy juggling work and school. He will meet with Giles at 8pm on Saturday.
Evelyn forgot to set out the laundry. Rob will do that. She made some fresh flapjacks, they are in the oven.
Bernie's wife is leaving for a few days. He wants Chris and Marty to come in on Friday after work. Marty is in. Chris has a date night with his wife, but he will try to move it.
Andy and Patrick will have a beer later.
Mina, Lola and Joe are going to the movies tonight, to see 'The Favourite'.
Ruth and Sammy are meeting Linda for dinner on Friday 12th at her place. Before dinner Sammy's going to the hairdresser. They have a wedding on Saturday. Sammy eats neither red meat nor duck, so Linda will have to cook something else. Linda is bringing dessert.
Lily is a True Blue from Sydney. Meghan is from New York City.
Denise got a new job close to where she lives. Catherine and Jane are happy for her but would miss her. Denise is leaving the end of December. Catherine will see Jane tonight.
Laurie, Ashley, Matt and Jesse are going for some yoga tomorrow at 8am.
Elsa's cat disappeared 3 days ago, so Rita helps with searching. Minny thinks she might have seen this cat in her orchard. Minny will call Elsa if she sees a tabby again.
Nobody replied to Andrew's suggestion so Mike and Andrew don't know if they are going to the restaurant today.
Xenia collects orders for pierogi. Mercedes wants 2 kg of pierogi with mushrooms. Peter will pass this time.
Nancy is looking for an idea for a wedding gift for Michel and Josie.
Andrew got tickets to a themed formal for himself, Hannah and Sara. Dress-code will be semi-formal/black tie. The tickets were sold out within 2 hours.
Mella calls Marcin because she can't contact Sebastian. Sebastian has a hangover. He is calling her.
Sean is annoyed with Brexit. Sean has many clients from the Republic and is worried about how the new border will affect his shop. The Brexit agreement is on the way. Ann predicts many people won't be satisfied with it.
Victoria can borrow Mama's red trench coat and red gloves.
Taylor is going to Paris for 4 days and wants to do all the sites. Ron recommends a great cafe near the Elysian fields.
Electricity has been cut off for a while and Orion's sat in the dark. Lilyana shows him how to make candles out of oranges.
Mary is worried about John as she can't reach him. She's afraid John may have anoher breakdown. Peter will go to John's place after work and will let Mary know if he's home.
Dan's looking for a new dog. He wants it to search for narcotics. Ralph has two dogs he might like: a one-year old Malinois and an 8-month-old Belgian and Dutch mix. Dan will come and take a look tomorrow at about 9 in the morning.
Jools is in pain after his tooth extraction. He is going to Tesco's to buy some cool cocktails. He will let Kim know in two hours if they can go out together tonight.
Rick and Ana are getting late because of traffic.
Harvey asked Reggie for 5 minutes of his time in order to tell him about Mel. She will probably extend his agreement, so, as it was not planned, Reggie wants to know when Harvey finishes. Harvey is sorry that he is back.
Jane hasn't seen Sofija as she spent 2 months in a Russian reality show.
Theo will book a place for himself, Silvia, Chris and Pam but has forgotten a first time discount.
Hilary sold the business to Chris and she is letting the house to a firm employing short-term workers. Hilary's boutique brings profits for her and Pater to live on. Muriel was in Buxton last summer and saw Hilary's boutique. Muriel and Hilary haven't had contact for a few years.
Gary will join Patrick and Will tomorrow and they will play the new game.
Richelle needs advice about studying in Scotland. Sheryl finds that the beginnings can be difficult because of English and that everyone is shy, believe in stereotypes, but later more open minded. Sheryl also mentions that the cost of living in Scotland is higher.
Amy doesn't enjoy gifs with the Ring because she's scared of the movie.
Merrill doesn't understand the new system. Joy finds it very easy, so he'll help Merrill.
"The Vikings" is only good to watch from time to time. Character development is fine but the plot is predictable.
Tim lost his phone. Neither Ian nor George have seen it.
Dorothy is looking for a baby sitter. Amanda caught her nanny having sexual intercourse during work. Greta recommends her cousin who is a student.
Hellen will take Jake shopping to get him some new shoes.
The Lion King featuring Beyonce's voice will be released in June 2019. Abby and Vicky will go to the cinema to see this movie.
Oliver and Jamie have to conduct an experiment of their choice as homework for the biology class tomorrow. Jamie will ask his sister for advice.
Karen's dad bought a new TV. Karen broke it. Skyler's brother will come in the evening to repair it. He will bring his tools.
Connor convinced Sydney to watch "Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald".
Anna will get a facial from Monika today between 6 and 8 pm.
Oscar invited Poppy to a post-rock band's concert this Saturday. It starts at 7pm in a friend's apartment in the Old Town. Oscar is picking Poppy up at 5pm. They'll grab some tea and walk to the venue.
Janet will be at Adrian's place for a coffee in half an hour. On his request she is buying fudge.
Kelly got married.
Linda is at the library. She's disappointed both with this place and with the whole country. She's thinking about moving out.
Natalie is sending Brian the samples of what they do and they'll talk tomorrow.
Charles photoshopped his family members and Christopher was disgusted by it.
Melissa and Tyler are having a baby. If it's a girl they will call her Ophelia, if it's a boy - Xavier.
Ali, Marcus and Julia are going to buy Alice a present for her extraordinary work as a teacher.
Veronica is running late to the meeting with Alvin.
Kirby and Thomas read online newspapers, Masha is worried she wont have enough time to read it to justify a subscription.
April didn't sleep well tonight. When April was there, she slept very well. April is interested in the kind of mattress that Matt has. Matt wanted to buy a cheap and hard mattress, but bought an expensive and soft one instead after trying it out. April may look for a mattress tomorrow.
Thomas and Sylvia will go to Dawid Podsiadlo's concert. They want to have one beer before.
Mark saw Bunny with a man at the Odeon last night. She denies and says she was with her friend Julia. The girls' meeting was spontaneous, so Bunny didn't have time to tell Mark about it. Mark wants to break up with Bunny, but she insists on a meeting and talking about it.
The wedding starts at 3pm. Gerald will bring the keepsake for Jeremy.
Don and Conor are going to watch the Riders' game together as Don's father is not going.
Randall is coming home now.
Marie is looking for a place that sells inexpensive crochet supplies. Octavia usually orders from Mila's Crochet as they have many special offers. Octavia lives on the west side.
Susan asked Lizzie to check the first chapter of her MA thesis on Ku Klux Klan.
Nick will take a look at the file Bart uploaded to the cloud. Nick will deal with the file this evening and discuss it with Bart tomorrow.
Kate is in Santo Domingo, the Dominican Republic. She sent a photo with her injured legs to Tim, Jim and Simone. She was attacked by people with a broken bottle who asked for money. She ran and she fell down.
William tells Vincent and Walter not to mess with him and his girl, especially never insult her.
George lets Kayla know what Kayle will be back probably on the 13th. George doesn't miss him as Kayle is a tough roommate, yet still he's better than Ava.
Brian will walk the dog because Emily has to stay longer at work.
Jeff and Rachel're having lunch at Marriot downtown and invite Tom who's hungry to join them. Tom'll join them in an hour.
Henry will get some still water at the market on Maya's request.
Robbie invited Trishia to the cinema and she accepted. Trishia doesn't like Avengers.
Marlie has a very friendly cat. However, the cat doesn't like her brother.
Michael was busy all the weekend. Next week Michael and Tom will grab a beer or two in Warsaw.
Jan is selling cookies for charity. Jake is going to buy some soon.
Chris lost 30€ on the cleaning lady who didn't do her job properly.
Tony likes the album. Djamal enjoyed listening to Baustelle.
Alex is landing at 6am on Saturday. Ivy will prepare a 'welcome home' meal.
Bonnie, Kiera, Sadie and Tamara are going to jumpfit tonight.
David will order 100 copies of the Bibles for $5 each. Samuel wants more Indian families to have their own Bible instead of sharing it.
John is teasing with Henry who's asked him about John's address.
Midge will join Kim at Half empty - 123 23rd Street.
Carly has waited a week to get her car taken to the garage and fixed. David was being disorganized. Don promises that the car will be collected soon.
Kate is in Laos, but it's not really warm. The water there is emerald, but really cold. She managed to stay in it only for 3 minutes. Laos is cheaper than Thailand.
There will be a conference in Accra. The deadline for applying is 21st of January. Lucy would like to apply, but Howard can't join as he needs to focus on his PhD.
Nick's and Jame's children Kai and Lilly are going to the forest on Friday. They'll need waterproofs and wellies and they will probably have lunch before they go.
Victoria looked at the pics which Jake texted her and she thinks it looks very good.
Max's back pain is getting worse. He will not follow doctor's advice to sit less at his desk, walk more or take up swimming. He will keep taking painkillers. He might take up cycling, however.
Denise had a dream about forgetting about Tina at a pizza place.
Leo is cold while he's waiting for Brian.
Bobby will send Peter some notes from Fran for the test on Friday which he forgot about.
Frank is going to IKEA to buy furniture and a gift for Morris. Eliza wants him to buy a lamp for Jeanine.
Mousie told Joddie about the attack on Paweł Adamowicz, the President of Gdańsk, during Jurek Owsiak's Wielka Orkiestra concert. She is convinced that the ruling party Prawo i Sprawiedliwość and its leader Jarosław Kaczyński are to blame for the attack because of their hateful conservative views.
Preston will attend the interview in room 204 on the second floor at 3 pm next Monday.
Heather, Linda, Joan and John will meet in the silver room in 15 minutes to discuss the work on finishing the project.
Pete does not have to water Lily's plants because she will be back in two days. They will see each other then.
Joe wants their basement cleared up. Chris suggests burning the basement down and rebuilding it.
Jean's phone is broken. She needs a new one.
Jim has a temperature of 37,5°C and a slight headache. He is not coming to work today. Several people at the office have the flu.
Holly went to see the royal wedding. Prince of Liechtenstein married a Panamanian woman of African descent.
Dan forgot to text Miller eariler. Dan will bring some tacos for Miller.
Mason had a nice night with the blond girl. Mason's condom broke so they got the morning-after pill. Thomas reckons it's nice of Mason.
Nadia invites Claire for a trip to the park. Claire declines as she is at the zoo.
Jack will buy some bred for Anne.
Steve can't visit Dr. Williams today. Clinic reschedules his appointment to Wednesday at 6 PM.
Alexa is going to Hunter's party. The whole class is invited. She may bring her younger brother along. She is also going to return Hunter's notebooks to him.
Huan, Dominik and David have a test tomorrow from chapters 2 and 3.
Jack hasn't seen Lola for some time and he'd like to know how she's doing. Sissy saw her before Christmas.
The last season of CSI: Las Vegas aired on Channel 7.
Patricia will bring her dog to Sally and Rodney on Thurdsay evening. They will take care of him while Patricia is away.
On New Year's Eve Tommy and Margaret will stay home, Tony will go to the public party organized by the city, Felicia will take a bath and Jeremy has no plans.
Teddy left Amber half a year ago. She misses him. She is still depressed. Lora will take her out for drinks to cheer her up. Nicole will join.
Kate had her hair cut. Jack thinks she looks nice. Adrian also liked her long hair and Angela thinks her new hair style is amazing.
Andy and Lisa are going to be late.
Jessica will wear the turquoise dress to meet the parents. Judith is making fun of her, while they're choosing shoes.
Tom has Mary's keys. Mary will take Ed's keys.
Adam will borrow a hundred from Tyler.
Percy will fill the survey for Melanie's master thesis.
Sophie, Claire and Patrick will cook pizza tonight.
Nina will prepare a vegan gingerbread cake and Alex a salad for the office party.
Sebastian would like to learn to make wine at home and would like to ask his dad to teach him. Stanley would too but reminds Sebastian that a lot of work is involved.
Gina organize a meeting at her place before Thanksgiving to talk about intervention for David, who hasn't stopped drinking since his girlfriend broke up with him. Bridget is not convinced but she will think about it.
Alex likes Eli's friend and wants her number. Eli won't give it to him as her friend has a boyfriend. Alex will try to get it on his own.
Jayda needs a partner for prom night, but Rowan can't dance.
Mary is at school.
Cheyenne is making lasagna tonight to celebrate passing her driver's licence. Patricia and Laney congratulate her. Laney is going to bring champagne.
Cheryl is not coming tonight. She probably has flu, almost half of her office caught it. She will stay at home.
Erica and Nia are running late, while Patty is in front of the cinema.
Suzie needs her English book that she lent to Allan, but he's on a date with Mary now who had a bad story with James. Mike wants to take Suzie for a coffee at Sam's bar this evening.
Matt and Nina just come back from a trip to Budapest in Hungary. They left on Tuesday and came back on Friday.
Charlie and Julia will go to Warsaw. In the meantime, Charlie's parents will take care of their cats.
Olivia's husband cooked Thai red curry.
Cora, Francis and Kevin are going to get drunk.
Zoe recommends Sam buying MacBook Air in a state with no sales tax.
Julia congratulates Travis on his performance. Travis feels great, although he was unsure at first.
Ann and Helen are going to the drinks reception tonight. Amy will let Annette know if she goes for drinks tomorrow. Amy, Peter and Annette are going to meet at a pub around 5:30 pm on Saturday. Amy is responsible for the meet-up so she needs pub recommendations.
Rick and Diddy want to go the baseball game today against New York. The last game of their club against the Royals was very good. Rick has a cap but Diddy's shirt is dirty. In case they can't get tickets they will do something downtown. They arrange to meet at 5 but Diddy might be late.
Tom is reading a book on history of photography and Margaret is reading "The Pianist" by Jellinek. Blake does not read because he has to work.
Anita and Mark will go to the Carnegie Hall for Rimsky-Korsakov on Friday.
Frank is helping Anna choose the outfit for tonight's visit at the theatre.
Jacob found his international driver's license is in the document folder. Omer will come to spend a day at Jacob and Rose's place a few days after they leave.
Leo and Tom will be back from Aheme on Monday.
Olivier is leaving with his parents this weekend, so he can't skype with Pierre.
Tonight at 9 pm is the game with Germany. Pamela forgot about it. Liz wants to make plans with her to watch the game together.
Colt wants to live up to 1000 years and Lyric up to 60-70.
Tom and Jenny are going to have dinner together and grab a beer. Tom will pick Jenny up from work at 5 and will bring her red high heels.
Shaz will bring Lennon his sports kit and some spray to the gym.
Basil and Cecily were interviewed on the street two days ago.
Jessica is joining Helen and Patricia who are playing tennis outside.
Sarah, Betty, Lara and Jairo are going to an event tomorrow.
Danielle, Tracy and Darren are taking the Harry Potter personality quiz, while Neil refuses.
Meg wishes happy birthday to Terry.
Rodney invites Dave to his house-warming party this Friday at 8.
Dan hates his job.
Peter will buy a coke in glass bottle on Max's request.
Scarlett left Brian and Sophie yesterday. She is getting better today.
Lucy's pregnant. Lucy is feeling nauseous all the time and can't stand up. According to John, there's nothing that can be done about it. The condition may last a week or the entire pregnancy.
Thea and Thomas have just arrived to their honeymoon destination. Thea is jetlagged, Thomas is out. Thea liked the local street food, especially a cheap mushroom soup. The weather is hot.
Emily complains she hasn't seen her daughter Mary for two weeks. Mary has been busy at work lately. Mary will try to drop by on Thursday.
John liked Joan's presentation at the panel. Joan also liked Anita's presentation. Anita hasn't finished her research yet and Joan already encouraged her to write a book.
Sofia's sister is coming from Spain at around 7-8 pm. Robert didn't go to university, so he's at home. Sofia's sister doesn't speak English, only French. Robert will have to speak Spanish.
Biscuit has a diarrhea, he's probably eaten something poisoned. He's on IV with Adam at the vet's now. Jean will consult her vet.
Peter will come for lunch to his Mom on Sunday. Angela will cook something.
Julie wants to start baby led weaning.
France and Belgium have problems. For Andrew and Ryan they're hypocrites for criticizing Poland.
Will will bring Iona some water.
There's a train strike on Monday. Zoe's plane from Berlin lands at 10 AM and the trains are either at 9 AM or at 9 PM. The meeting is at 3 PM. Alan suggests that Zoe can arrive on Sunday at 8 PM. Fred would host Zoe in Paris. Zoe would make it for the 9 AM train. Zoe will call her travel agency.
James is at the front entrance. Peter will join him soon.
Lauren and Therese are on holidays in Hel. Lauren sent a photo of a seal aquarium to Daniel, Tom and Emma. The research centre keeps seals for some time and then releases them to the Baltic Sea.
Ian got there a quarter before the planned time. The party finishes at 12 or 1 o'clock at night but Ian will probably have to stay longer and help with cleaning up for extra money.
Ed Sheeran tickets are sold out as Sara reports.
Simon is going to the conference next week with Derek. Alan can't go as he broke a leg in an accident.
Jake promises to pay Mike back.
Amy will pick Thomas up at 7:15 and take him for breakfast then to school.
Mark accidentally packed Ian's notebook for English into his backpack.
Evie has a new colleague who has just started today. He's handsome.
Michal visited Liepaja, a city on the seaside. The were lindens everywhere. There is a linden in the coat of arms of the city, as Sam reports.
Stephanie is busy and cannot talk to Chris. She should be home at 8 p.m.
Samara wants Jay to redo his work. The text should be written in third person. He has to add the strap line and remove some punctuation. Samara will work on the sources.
Jazz is going to see Bohemian Rapsody with Sarah on Monday night, 7.40 in Avonmeads Showcase. She is also going to watch Mary Poppins with Kerry on Saturday morning, 10.30 in Odeon.
Abigail bought 20 cucumbers for a salad but she doesn't want to make it anymore. Charlotte doesn't like cucumbers. She suggests donating cucumbers to a food bank.
Noah was questioned as a witness and media accuse him of rape. He's going to his summer house. His lawyer will take care of all the things.
Mary will try Speedy Lunch or Ligh box catering on Viera's recommendation.
Dawn wants Dike to call him when he can.
Kingston, Rich and Dev are meeting at Starbucks at 5.
Brian landed in Bangkok. It's 7 am there. At Melissa's it's 12 pm. Brian will stay few days in Bangkok and then go to the countryside.
Luke can't do poker night with Derek because he is flying out tomorrow.
Miriam, Kevin, Tobias and Oscar will go for a pizza tonight.
Emma has a question.
Jake showed Jason her photo from 5 years ago.
Sarah, Lucy and Rosie are going to the salsa club this weekend.
Gabi got a job in Seoul but has a problem finding a good place to stay. Herra will take a look at an offer Gabi sent her.
Nellie attends meditation classes 3 times a week. Nellie is interested in that so she meditates also at home and she takes part in special events. Pinkie worries that Nellie is obsessed with meditation.
Helen is pregnant. She will show him the test, because he didn't believe her. She is meeting Keesha this evening, before Brad will come back.
Pete is going to send a big video file to his laptop and then copy it to Thomas's laptop. Thomas wants Pete to send him the file by bluetooth but Thomas doesn’t know whether his laptop has bluetooth connectivity. They finally agree that Pete's going to use google drive to share the file with Thomas.
Chandler talked to Kate briefly but she still doesn't want to talk to Matt.
Bob wants to buy new speakers and an amplifier as sound got flat. He doesn't want to repair them as he wants something that will be also good looking.
Don is about to make a difficult decision thanks to Karen and Lucy.
Miranda works for a huge company and is still in training. She likes the opportunities the company offers, even though it is not her dream job. Miranda will meet some clients next week and also meet 2 girls, with whom she will work most of the time. She will meet them on Monday.
All foundations are at a discount until tomorrow evening. Day By Day foundation has similar features compared to GoForIt.
Lizzy's been sick since Friday, but she's feeling a bit better. She's studying government. In March she will take the audiovisual exam.
Mike forgot his notebook for mathematics. Tom doesn't have a spare notebook.
Tony's business will be affected by Brexit and both her and Gloria will never understand why people voted for it. It will also affect Tony's holiday plans. Gloria can hardly meet any British tourists in Mexico. Tony thinks the second referendum is an option.
Shawn's gone out for pancakes for Fern.
Rhys wants to know when Victoria comes back from holidays because he needs the key for Thomas. There was a downpour and Rhys checked Victoria's basement. Her neighbour told Rhys he saw a cat in her garden. It could have been Oscar. Victoria asks Rhys to put out some food to keep the cat around.
Rachel warns Luke to never contact her sister again or she will hurt him. Luke is not intimidated by Rachel's threats.
Toby has a backache and will take Dexak to relieve the pain.
Some of the photos Phoenix and Tiana have exchanged through Snapchat have disappeared.
Beth is being treated for her illness and she looks terrible, but she has Luke's support. Elizabeth never talks to Patricia anymore.
Kate and Morris are going to Bangkok right now. They have an additional day there. Kate wants to visit Jim Thompson House. They're coming back to Europe the day after tomorrow.
Franklin, Jack and Jeff are going to see a match.
Tessy is going to Cuba for 5 weeks. She's staying in airbnb. Tessy is worried about the Internet connection, because her boss might contact her anytime. Harry wants to go to Israel for skiing holiday during Christmas. Tessy and Harry are going to meet in January.
Bill, Donald and Lily are wondering which place they should visit next. Lily and Donald would like to go to India. Bill isn't fond of this idea.
Martha and Donna have the flight tickets and now they need an apartment. Donna found quite an expensive one, but with her 20% discount it's perfect.
Fernanda didn't go out last night. She came back home at 10.30 p.m.
Demi and Wren will go to yoga on Sunday at 9 and have a brunch afterwards.
Adrian is home. Adrian's dad, Ron, will be home after 5 o'clock and will get his son something to drink. Ron reminds Adrian to do his homework.
Nancy is choosing social media to attract customers. Nancy will follow Vic and Phil's advice to use Facebook, Instagram and Twitter simultaneously. They think Tumblr isn't effective.
Alden does not have any friends or flatmates to go out with at the weekend. Cailyn understands him because she does not have many friends in Turin. Cailyn has been unable to find a job because he is not a native speaker of English.
Mae likes Jamie's suggestion "Salty Tuber" as a name for her yt channel.
Stella shows her hostel to Fabio and Jamil. Fabio finds her a better one.
Mike helped with editing of Ava's teaser for the campaign. The campaign is struggling as no celebrity wants to endorse it and people are not responsive. Kyle shared the link on twitter to help.
Alison and Barry ate a delicious dinner from John's mother's. They are very grateful and asked John to thank his mom.
Shirley might be late for training. However, the training might start later because other participants are also running late.
Adam'll buy the Christmas tree after work, Ann'll prepare the decorations.
Danielle needs to buy shoes but doesn't want to spend a lot. She might buy them online.
Anna is in a gift madness two days before Christmas because Mike says shops are empty then. Julie wants to know later if his strategy works.
Robin is mad at Seth because his work colleague was flirting with him. She threw food at him and his friends at the meeting.
Ella has a nasty stomach bug, she is in pain. Frank suggests checking it with a doctor, and recommending drinking a lot, adding some honey and dairy. Ella agrees to call the doctor tomorrow.
Zahra likes Hayley's dog.
James' ex is on Channel 4 now.
Mary will order the tickets to a Muse concert in April. If Tom is busy at work and can't go with her, she will buy off his ticket and go with someone else.
Mary has now returned home from shopping.
He didn't call Alex. She will call him.
LG is going to see Vic and say hi to Jean.
Ann is waiting for Kate to deliver this CD.
Tristan is going for a cruise around Hawaii with his parents in the summer. He will cruise also around Kamchatka and Alaska area.
Jean didn't come to church today due to her back pain. Jean takes painkillers for it. Jean and Joan were nurses for 40 years. Harry is considering moving to Scotland for work. Stella visited Jean after church and overstayed her welcome as she tends to do. Joan's brother is a widower.
Helen is interested in swimming lessons at Celtic Leisure for her daughter Caitlin. Caitlin is 6. Andy, a swimming coach, looks for a course for Caitlin. July is all booked up, but there is a beginner's course during the first 3 weeks of August. It costs £150. It's a bit more than Helen expected.
Shawn shares Slipknot's new music video with Greg.
Morton has found cheap flights to Dubai and they're flying there next Thursday for six nights. He hasn't checked the hotels yet. He has to talk to Vinnie about something, and he owes Oberon a 20.
Alicia wasn't at school today. She went to Norfolk because she had to testify on her parents' divorce. She won't be coming to school for a week.
Justin and Kevin don't like when the commercial are louder than the scheduled programme..They think tthere are too many ads for medicines.
Omarosa and Lindsey don't have too much work this week, but February will be busy for them.
Tom would like to meet with Jim to offer him an opportunity to work on a project together. Jim is interested but would like more details before the meeting. Tom does not want to discuss anything upfront online and retracts his offer.
Adrien asked Helen to call Diana and tell her that he is doing fine. Chloe will stay with him.
Tedd, Dan and Stephanie watched a terrifying material. Dan will try to use social media to draw attention to the subject. Stephanie, Lucy and Tedd will interview people and make short videos.
Ginny needs Emma to bring her tights and a guitar capo. Emma needs a picture of the correct-size capo.
Carpets are being cleaned on Tuesdays.
Pat is feeling better after being dumped by Josie and drank a couple of beers with Scott yesterday. Ken wants Scott to invite Pat to join them for a game of D&D on Saturday.
Sue told Adam about the trip.
Albert is a member of a sports’ club. He wants a partial return of his advance payment. Benjamin says that the club is unable to return any money.
Natalie failed her driving license exam as she didn't notice people trying to cross. She signed up for another one next week.
Jake saw How to Train Your Dragon at the cinema with his child. Lilly wants to see the same film with Will.
Caroline has started learning Italian and would like to listen to some Italian music. Anette suggest her to try Marco Mengoni. He's a big star and has simple lyrics.
Nia will conduct a training with school kids tomorrow and Kelly will help her. Kelly has been working since 2010 and Nia since 1974.
Hugo booked an apartmen on Airbnb, and Cristina and Ashley already paid their part, and Kim will do it as soon as she gets back home this evening. Hugo and Kim aren't done with their papers yet.
Toby is worried about his sister Phoebe. She's alone but doesn't feel lonely, with her friends, neighbours and work.
Lance is not impressed by Jim Carey. Menno, Guy and Tommy like Jim Carey as a comedian.
Kim is tired and is going to sleep. Kim and Sofia miss each other. Kim will call Sofia in the morning.
Steve has just ordered his trousers. Arnie thinks Steve is getting better at using technology.
Roxy's red sweater is in the chest at the foot of Pamela's bed.
Layla sends Elsie a Bohemian Rhapsody cover. They are both impressed by the singer.
Georgia, Miranda find the Christmas fair on the main square beautiful and magical, but Kenzie is sick of it as it's the same every year.
Francis lost his car keys but found them in his pockets.
There is a lot of police patrols checking cars on the long weekend. Pamela has a new car.
Tom hasn't called a girl who gave him his number yet, but Mike convinced him to do so. Tom is calling the girl to invite her for dinner.
Isa and Alex do not have any news. They will start worrying, if the situation doesn't change in one hour.
Jessica will come over to Anna on Friday at 5 pm to meet and talk about babysitting for Anna's children. She charges 10 dollar per hour a lives at off 1-35 in Berry Creek, and Anna lives there, too.
Sam had a job interview.
Jackie received a birthday card from Sharon. Sharon will call Jackie next week.
Pete doesn't like having to work when Nathalie is not there.
The group was a bit silent lately. Molly, Tim and Kate didn't hang out much after Ella left. She went to Quito, but she is back for at least a month for health reasons.
It's Monday, the weather is bad, Gina is feeling sleepy at work, Vicky can't nod off, because she's taking care of children.
Phil, Hailey, Dustin and Mel will start getting ready for the presentation if Sean runs late.
Fiona asks David to come over and help her with her essay. They will meet about 7.
Olaf has a dentist's appointment on Thursday at 5 so he needs to cancel his plans with Ellie. Alex will pick Olaf up at 4 to buy him some shoe first.
Alan, Fiona and Debby enjoy Arctic Monkeys song.
Paul and Rita will have dinner at 8 pm.
Andrew is picking up wine for dinner at Ned's place.
Skyler, Walter and Monica are not fond of introducing parking fees in their district.
Dan and Nick want to see another show next month.
Xavier is out of his coffee. Elena sends him to do shopping. The list piles up.
Monica sends a message to Luck by mistake and apologises.
Joe and Kathy will meet at the cinema at 6 pm and see the new film with Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper.
Oscar and Marcus are going to play FIFA in Oscar's room after Marcus finishes watching his series.
Alex's cats are fine after the surgery. Jake offers his help.
Evan will play Scrabble online with Ali. Evan and Rick have an exam from Roman law tomorrow. Evan was studying but Rick gave up.
Victoria doesn't want to let Nate in.
Feifel and Carla will receive the agenda for the Friday meeting at 10 am.
Zander will eat on his way home.
There was going to be a larynx cancer surgery transmitted online. Pat said that eventually it is going to be a closed connection between hospitals and research institutes. Lou is disappointed. Pat sends Kevin a link to watch some surgery on youtube.
Joe didn't water the plants and killed them.
Amir hasn't received the payment for the gig. Aya will contact Sandy to clarify the situation.
Rich hasn't watched Narcos on Netflix yet. He will watch it over the weekend and will talk to Jeff about it on Monday.
Due to prvate issues Bill has to postpone the business meeting with Asha to Thursday 11 am.
Brie saw Becky's photo on Instagram. Becky lost 30 pounds in three months thanks to an online diet and exercise.
Paul's just taken a photo of the new employee and he'll provide Lisa with a copy of it shortly as she has a press release going out today. Before Paul takes a photo of the new machine Lisa has to stage it.
Venus failed the practical driving test. which made her angry and sad. Her instructor was really strict. She will take a few more lessons with Apollo's friend, who is a driving instructor.
Mark is out with Robbie and will be home in 45 minutes. Sarah thinks Hawaiian pizza is the best one, but she'll get some peperoni for Mark. He'll buy some chocolate for her.
Anita is having a flu.
Jammy will call Edward in 20 minutes.
Hans slipped and broke his left arm. He got some pain killers and is asleep at home.
Frank is waiting for Katherine in front of the cinema and she'll get there in 10 minutes.
Glen will buy a christmas tree from his buddy.
Elena needs to be dropped off at the hospital. Now Natalie is going to Maria who is in the restricted zone.
Ian and Suzan will go to the cinema tomorrow to see a Western.
Mick has never dons student exchanges, but it may be good for the CV. For Halloween, Mick is going to go to a club with his friends. He had a plan to go to London with his grandparents, but his grandma is ill, so they aren't going. Amka probably won't dress up for Halloween.
Patrick believes Mike shouldn't worry about such an asshole.
Hobbs and Tracy exchanged Holiday greetings.
Mia is not coming tomorrow morning, as she has some problems at work. So Owen does not have to go and pick her up. Mia will phone Nicole later. She may be coming in the afternoon or evening to stay overnight but then she will take a bus, since Nicole cannot fetch her.
Brenda, Fred and Mike will go on a bike ride to Grantchester. They will meet at the PL in 10 minutes.
Carol has to upload at least 10 photos but she's not sure if she finds as much as 10 of good quality.
Lindsey and Fiona went on a trip without Liz and they miss her. Liz swears she'll join them the next time. Fiona had black ice-cream on the trip.
Theo compliments Luke on his today's outfit.
Kai and Kate can't focus on work today. Kate is not sure about meeting Kai tonight. She is scared of the development of their relationship. Kai promises to give Kate some space.
Mary will be in London soon. The weather is horrible there, according to Dean.
Dafne and Molly are thrilled that he is here. Dafne will talk to him.
Tina called Pea and was kind.
Hillary will tell Julliet all about her meet with Peter last night.
Tom invites July to dinner, but she already has a meeting with her parents. She suggests they should meet next week. Tom is feeling insecure about July and is not sure if she wants to see him. They end up on planning a meeting on Wednesday.
Isabella has started a blog. Katharina and Lilianne are happy for her.
Noah had clients from China and was meeting with them for 4 hours. Noah concluded his deal with them. Jasmine was at the library reading papers. She needs to start writing her chapter.
Sven is sick and informs Ulma and Hilda that he won't come.
The skin on Mona's hands is very dry. No cream seems to be helping with it. Jen advises Mona to drink more water as her dry skin might be due to dehydration.
Tom, Thames, Annette, Clare, Helen and Tanvi try to schedule a Christmas party.
Liz saw the movie "Dumplin'"and recommends it to Carolina. The soundtrack to the movie consists exclusively of Dolly Parton songs. Carolina is going to watch the movie tonight.
Lilly bought tickets for the concert of One Direction including one for Eric who didn't buy it on purpose, though, as he'll be out of town visiting her grandma. Lilly will bring Ethan with her instead, but Eric doesn't want it.
Belinda can no longer meet on Thursday as she is delayed on her way back from Prague. She rescheduled with Anna for Tuesday next week.
Tyles hates Christmas time. He's angry that on social media people look happy while in reality it's unpleasant.
Pauline will make pizza for Tara and Chrissy. Chrissy envies Tara's looks. Chrissy is already at the bus stop, heading for Pauline's.
Rebecca and Logan suggest to leave before 7AM in order to avoid traffic. Logan informs Zach that it takes 2h by car to get to the mountains and then half an hour to the first hut.
Nick and Hayley finished the game. Nick sacrificed Chloe and is surprised that Hayley sacrificed Arcadia Bay.
Tom is at work and would like to keep an eye on an intense e-mail exchange for at least another 15 minutes. Jim is hungry. Jim will go to the Chinese restaurant and order takeout food for himself and Tom. Tom and Jim will meet in the kitchen, when Jim is back.
Alina, George, Mary and Tom haven't heard from Jason since he changed his job. Jason left also their group some weeks ago.  He hasn't responded to the private message Alina wrote him on Friday.
Victor sent the following pictures to Noa's gallery: the one with the white cat, the one with the black cat, the one with the horns and the one at the train station. There's also a website called Free Press where photographers can send their work which is exhibited at the Culture House every year.
Tim and Fran are meeting on Thursday at 4 pm at De Grasso pizza place. It's in the centre. Tim is getting there by train. He will get off at Lawrence Hill. If Tim has problems finding it, he will call Fran.
Jamie's waiting for Tina on Elm Street. They'll meet with Charles soon.
Rebecca and Larissa have got dresses for the wedding, Henriette will go shopping tomorrow.
Holly needs Penelope to send him an email that she won't be here. Penelope is in Berlin and has a limited access to books and a laptop.
Nelly is at the airport drinking coffee. She has the bus at 10:25. Andrew left Nelly soup for lunch.
Janine, Nickie and Nicole will meet on Saturday for a ladies night. Nickie is lately very busy and tired, because she works at the hostel, study at the university and does two language courses.
Paulina talked to her bosses, her contract will be prolonged. She asked for new duties and they want her to give her some things connected to marketing and social media. The bosses will also think about a raise of her salary. Paulina will be home around 3.40.
Amelie will come over at Charlie's at 7 PM to drink some wine. Charlie is too tired to go out in the centre.
Robbie will go to a library with Madeleine.
Mary is still angry but it wasn't Johns fault.
Scott is pressing Dan to give him back his money.
Henry is ashamed after watching news, he thinks the president is embarrassing. Thomas doesn't know how anyone could vote for him.
Mr. Clark sent Janice an instruction in an Excel file and asked her to fill in the document.
Evan bought a white Ford as his first car and wants to give it a name. Mauricio doesn't like this idea.
Susan will borrow "Das Spiegelbild" book from William. William will bring the book to their meeting together with Rita on Friday 10th. Susan will pass regards to Harry from William.
Daniel left the party early yesterday. He struggles to find a job. Andy will help him with enhancing CV.
Rachel has missed her opportunity to talk to Thomas.
It's Rachel's turn to clean the bathroom this week but she's too busy to do it. Rachel promises to cook Amy lasagne if she cleans the bathroom for her.
Josie, Stephen and Carol have accepted Kyle's invitation to try out a new D&D expansion. Stephen asks Kyle to give their player characters a chance to succeed more often when Kyle is the Dungeon Master. Carol and Josie agree with Stephen. Kyle obliges.
Melissa and Brian have just arrived in Bangkok. It's 7 pm there. They'll stay in Bangkok for a few days and then travel to the countryside. Melissa sent some pictures to Kevin. He couldn't go with them.
Natasha baked cookies.
Morgan has to wear glasses. he is not happy about it. Christina advises him wearing contact lenses.
Lucas' grandmother destroyed his knitted piece and did it from scratch.
Rebecca plans to buy the newest Dell Alienware.
Kevin likes preordering games but gets frustrated with their quality. Joe prefers to buy them later because they tend to have less bugs and be cheaper.
Steven's car is in the shop, so he will borrow Jessica's to pick up Jojo.
Tom agrees to help Rob move his new couch at 6 pm. Rob will wait for him downstairs after he picks the couch up with his car.
Andrew and Mia are meeting with their Mom next Wednesday. Mia has classes until 8pm, so she will join Andrew and Mom later.
Auntie's birthday is next week. May will ask if she's throwing a party. Karen's parents are going to the seaside for the weekend. May will join her on Friday. They'll have some wine, pizza and Netflix.
Bertil is having problems with storage on her phone. Mia suggests deleting cache files and it works.
Matthew is at the Tim Hortons downstairs and is getting large double coffee with 1 sugar for Logan.
Mom wants Jack to turn the volume down.
Miranda offered Robyn her old clothes that were almost unused but Robyn couldn't fit in them.
Gabriella will do the shopping from the list she got, so Everly could bake vanilla cookies and brownie for the party.
Kate and Susan are displeased with Katherine's arrival because they don't want spend time with her.
Many people in Brazil voted for a neofascist. The second candidate, Haddad, is a member of PT, a party which is involved in corruption. Lula was the other member of this party but he's been falsely imprisoned and now people hate him.
Casey is selling her green dress. Britney is interested in it. Casey is offering to sell it to her for a bottle of wine. Britney can come and try it on tomorrow.
Martin is going to buy Kathy Coldplay's CD and a small flower for her birthday.
Sebastian and Marta count down days until the end of school year.
The movie starts at 7 and Beth is late. Miranda will keep a seat for her.
Eva wants to go to the mall after school with Liv and Tyler. Dee, her mother, agrees, but asks her to be back home at 6.
Patricia is going on her honeymoon to Portugal tomorrow.
Bella got a message from Sal who wanted her to give him Cameron's number, but she told him to piss off.
Rachel, Lucy and Sara are excited about the season 3 of La casa de papel in 2019 and the return of Berlin.
Betty is shocked to hear from Anthony that Thomas and Susan got divorced. Apparently, he had an affair with a girl from work.
Natalie sends a picture of herself to Stanley at his request. Stanley has an essay to write.
Tony wants to hear the news. Hedge can't talk because his parents are at home.
Barry will drop the csi files to Mira's office in an hour. Mira will take care of the error at page 18 herself.
Christy has watched Home Alone 20 times. Fanny and Christy enjoyed the movie Avatar. Christy will pick Fanny up in 1 h to go to the cinema.
Martha and Judith are going to meet at the French restaurant.
Pearl is buying a new car.
Ira is disgusted by the photo of breeding spiders that Tamika shared with her.
Scott and Adam will meet at 10 in the 11th-floor kitchen.
Janice, Di and Mike will have lunch with their father on 25th. Their mom will decide if she wants to meet on 24th or 26th. Janice wants to spend more time with her mother, but they need to make up with the father for Thanksgiving. She, Di and Mike will not make a movie as a present.
Briggs's mobile phone broke. Kendrick will try to fix it.
Mary asks Dad to check brakes in her car. He will chem them tomorrow.
Debora will cancel the internet service because Cole forgot about it when they moved out.
The system which credits you with points for social activities, known from one of Black Mirror's episodes, was introduced in China. Charlie and Will are surprised and skeptical. They think it is exaggerated and against human rights.
Daniel and Hannah are going to Brighton for a romantic getaway this weekend. Claire will take care of their kids. Hannah will drop them off at Claire's on Friday after 5. Hannah and Claire will also plan a girls trip in May. Hannah has been busy at work in the last two months and she needs a break.
Erica will get Chloe some pink pyjamas for her birthday. Amelia will get her some cute bunny slippers.
Adam will buy slim cigarettes for Mary.
The meeting is at 4:30, but Mendes will be there at 3:30 PM.
Steve will bring Gracie chocolate in 15 m at her request.
Craig had good time at the party yesterday. He came back at 6 o'clock. Most people left about 3, but he waited for Agnes because he wanted to drive her back, but she was having a chat with some guy.
Ula and Joanna are going to a new sushi restaurant at 8 pm tomorrow. Edyta can't join them, because she's got a headache. Ula will make the reservation for Wednesday.
David and Sam miss the old days. Sam's cousin passed away and his girlfriend Jennie's been under observation since the accident.
Chris cannot come to a hockey game this Saturday, that Derek invited him to. The game however is a weekly event so Chris will come next weekend. Chris is expected to bring his hockey gear, but there are possibilities to lend it at the club.
Nick got a cool birthday present from Ann. He will take Mark for a ride.
Ella needs a new car. According to Bert, a hybrid car will suit her needs.
Michael has arrived first, even though he was 30 minutes late. Pam and Eddie are still on their way. Ann is a bit uspet.
Lucy is at work. It is very cold outside. Tim and Lucy don't know if Hall is getting married,
Marta is sitting with her sister. Lukass is watching TV with his sister. She's angry at Lukass, because she's being told what to do.
Karolina is at the museum. Joy gave Karolina's number to Vicky. Karolina is available on WhatsApp.
Rene will be there in a minute.
Max transfers 30 PLN back to Matthew's account. Max and Matthew are aware that money has no real value currently, it's abstract. Max and Matthew have fun sharing gifs.
Jacqueline is considering a springtime shopping for plants to liven up their place. Alexander agrees but warns her that he will not be coaxed into taking any care of them. He suggests though that she checks out spathiphyllum and agave. She approves of these and will get aloe vera as well.
Jonathan will find a couple massage course for Cindy and him.
Hanna and Kate go for drinks Friday evening around 8.00. They will try out a new place in the city centre. They will ask Mary if she joins.
He finally proposed to Catherine in a small village near Manchester and they stayed in a small B&B.
Sally will tell mom about Ann's health problems. Ann is sick again but doesn't have to work this week, so she will get some rest.
Douglas and Carl are going to buy TVs on Black Friday. In addition, Douglas wants to buy a vacuum cleaner and an external hard drive.
Elizabeth bought coffe beans at nearby cafe. She will have coffe with Anne on Sunday afternoon.
Amy's company is thinking of introducing work promoting scheme. He told the boss that the idea was dumb and he wouldn't take part in it.
Arnold wants to buy a car from Boris. Boris is willing to give Arnold a discount. They are meeting on Saturday at 10 o'clock to seal the deal.
Jenny and Matt are going to Matt's parents for Christmas. Jenny will get some cheese, crackers and chutney on Friday to bring for the party.
Nate flew in town last night. He will meet up with Bates tomorrow.
Leo will soon board a plane to Thailand.
Timmy is tired and wants to do shots. Terry will bring some food.
Carrie is pleased with her looks. Abby considers her a snob.
Sarah informed Annie that she is using her internet allowance quicker this month. Annie has 2GB left for the next 12 days.
Helen, Jeff and their children cannot come and spend Christmas with Gwen and her family because their car has broken down and they have no money to pay for the repair.
Hilary's son and Mandy's daughter are starting school tomorrow.
Craig doesn't like ties. For a wedding he is going to wear a shirt without a tie or a bow tie.
Nylah is surprised about the blue ticks below her messages.
Thomas sent gifs to Valery to cheer her up, but she was not in the mood for jokes.
Samantha, Amy and Nicolas are going to Fiasco tonight.
Sara is in Cannes looking for a job as a waitress. Marie is renovating. According to Sara, if she started singing at her job, she would be put in a psychiatric hospital. She's certain that even there she would take her usual set of useful everyday items, that she took to France.
Maria and Alex are going to visit Alex, whose father died yesterday. Malcolm will inform Justin and Maria will inform Migel.
Mia thinks the new girl looks creepy.
Rivka and Brecken are talking about the green colour.
Jonah got Terry and his company the tickets to the museum. They liked it very much.
Kevin sent pictures from yesterday on Veronica's request.
Terry's having a rough week and there's some delay in his work. David, his boss, needs it finished. Terry will submit it now.
Lola and Peter will go to a museum today. Kim recommends them Guggenheim while Ben mentions the MoMA.
Lisa does on-line grocery shopping at Tesco for her family. Jim prefers going to the shop by himself. Kevin wants to try on-line grocery shopping, but prefers Asda due to lower prices.
Breanna, Charles and Jade plan to go to Mauritius.
It's half past ten, and Peter is waiting for Sam, who is late.
Shane and Ed will go out of college and meet outside Ed's class now, to see the new Avengers at the plex.
Kate's computer has crashed. Kate is afraid she might lose an unsaved project. Bill tells her to use task manager. It turns out that Microsoft Word is not responding. Bill tells Kate to shut down Word. It works.
Maria is still in Italy but finds the general situation with growing racism, frustration, xenophobia worrying. Jess is surprised by that as she found Italy welcoming. She was thinking about visiting Maria, but it's only a dream now.
Mary hasn't received the link to the photos from the trip that Lizzy sent to her. Lizzy will try again.
Edna wants to get in touch with John, Maxine and Kim. Kim got married and moved to another state. John died in a car accident. Maxine is still around and Melvin has her number.
Jeff and Ceaser will take tennis lessons and it will cost about 90 bucks a month for 8 lessons.
Jenny and Donn will wear dresses.
George has a Samsung TV that cost him 430 dollars.
Nathan will text Jude about Rachel's phone number. Brandon doesn't have it.
Jason reckons the Arsenal player is not a good striker but still thinks he deserves respect. Alfred thinks he is a good player. Garry considers him to be their top scorer in Europa league.
Ashley and Eric are in San Francisco, which has suffered a big earthquake. They and their familites are ok. However, there were 12 casualties and many injuries in Ashley's area.
Bobby and Freddie are going to see "A Star is Born" in the cinema at 7pm. The movie has very good reviews. They're going to invite Mike as well.
Sarah is going to the party with Clare. Freda is also attending. Freda and Sarah don't know what to wear to the party, but they both agree they like dressing up. Freda decides to wear jeans and a fancy top.
Andy and Lupe are going to the Armenian restaurant on Saturday. Ida is working in the evening during the weekend.
Tim got a new business car but has to cover everything except for servicing. Danny suggest it's not the best deal. Tim needs the car and the job.
Dad wants to come over to Sue's to collect his drill, which he needs to fix a towel rail downstairs. Sue will be at home all afternoon. Dad will pop in at about 3. Thomas will be back from school then, and Harry will have football practice. Sue invites her dad for tea, he will let her know later.
Shawn went to buy waffles.
Harry is on his way to meet with Joseph. Joseph will wait outside.
Logan and Peter are angry about new Amazon headquarters being built.
Zoe and Jonathan lost. Zoe promises to improve. Jonathan is already training, buy the can't reach Zoe's phone. Zoe will come to join him immediately.
Jemma added Anton to the group. Jemma organises the next meeting at her place. Anton wants to come there.
John won't go to the party because of Emily.
Lady's leash is in the bathroom.
Ross has an umbrella in his room.
Johny, Pat and Ted are going to watch a movie together in Ted's room.
Emma is at Comicon. She wants to seduce a boy.
Jake proposed and Alexandra said yes.
Greg and Maddie love each other.
June asked Kevin to buy some butter and eggs to make cookies.
Daniel was dancing.
Sam is looking for a high level job, but is not keen on working for it. Aria suggests he starts at a lower level and works his way up.
Jason is not willing to get the copy of Martha's M.A. from the dean's office, because he doesn't consider her a friend.
Voss will see Lena in 10 minutes.
Poppy shares a photo after falling of her bike. She is sore but ok.
Nat will meet Alex and others today at 6:30 p.m. to talk about renting a room in their flat.
Emma gave "The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August" to Liam. He finished the book and gave it to Cecilia. Emma forgot about it.
Leanne is going to visit Sue to collect mum's correspondence. Leanne and Sue will have tea together.
Kate finds it weird that Melanie's friend keeps sleeping with her teddy bear despite she's 28 years old. Kate suspects that the girl might have been molested as a child.
Lia left a bag in the classroom. Tom took it for her.
Rafal sends Alex and John the revieved version of their e-mail. It was accepted.
Leonard and Mom are snowed in. He needs to clear the driveway. Andy took a bus to work in the morning. The forecast says more snow before the weekend. Leonard ordered Christmas gifts from REWE with 10€. Mom spent last six Christmases on cruises.
Anabella sends Ryan a picture of a gift for Sean. They need to buy a gift for Emily but Anabella doesn't want to buy another doll. Ryan suggests a book about horses as Emily liked the one they got from the library.
Cristina is going to the airport.
Tim plans to go to Eastern Europe next summer. Piotr recommends Warsaw, Bialowieza and Masuria.
Lidia agrees to go to a wedding on 6th May with Darek's cousin on the condition that the cousin asks her himself.
Max has checked online to make sure they don't need a visa for their trip to China.
Lucy and Maggie are meeting before the party at Lucy's at 6 PM to prepare themselves.
Bob's high school friend is a stand-up comedian.
Benji is intoxicated and wants Lexi to join him tonight. Lexi is not interested.
Daryl tells Lou and Jo that there's a gaming rehab. Daryl likes playing video games.
Jasna's son is 9 months old, he smiles and he's serene baby. He can walk, he's very dynamic, but not as much as the older son of Jasna. Bojana and Jasna are both satisfied to have kids.
Rhonda, Cheryl and Tiffany are planning a trip to Copenhagen. Tiffany proposes to visit the art museum. Rhonda proposes the national museum. Cheryl wants to see the mermaid and Christiania. The girls are also considering a boat tour around the city and visiting Rosenborg castle.
Mia and Olivia are disgusted that Ella is engaged to an old man. They don't accept his age and wish this relationship to be over soon.
Tina is going to teach Cassie how to dance, starting next weekend.
Kimberly sends Ashley a video from Paul's phone as she doesn't have space on her phone to make videos anymore. Ashley is enjoying the photos and wants some more.
Tom is going to karaoke place tomorrow. He invites Jenny but she has already made plans. It's her birthday tomorrow.
Beatriz is in Cambridge and it's raining heavily there. She's in the library studying for her PhD. In Chris' place the weather is lovely.
Adam and Andrew had a great time at Martha's party.
Lora is down with her boyfriend as he cheated on her with Jessica. Pola will call Lora after work so they can meet later.
Angela moved to California, because her mom got a job there. Angela wants to take her brother and kids to California too, so she takes a gap year. Jack has his last PhD exam tomorrow. Angela is going to Canada for working holiday for a few days.
Lily is bored and wants to go wake boarding, but Liam is at work now. They may go tomorrow.
Cadence is talkative and won't let Lane sleep.
Peter and Josh send each other racist photos. Josh tries to trick Peter that he thinks it's not ok.
Grant's upstairs neighbors have a new scooter and ride it every day. As a result, Grant can't sleep and he's angry.
Kim won't apply for Translators World because the rate is below the standard.
Kaniel buys 2 pairs of Jeezy boots shoes from Outis, a pink one size 40 and a black one size 43. A pair goes for 3500 KSH. They will be delivered to 430, Kimathi Street after Kaniel has made the payments.
Lucy prefers Tolstoy's books rather than Dostoevsky's. Evelyn will probably read Anna Karenina first.
Monica is busy taking care of her firstborn.
Ian and Marly are talking about the Dixie Chicks.
Elisabeth, Fatima and Bruno are going for the trip tomorrow. They're departing at 7 am and they'll reach their destination at approximately 10 pm.
Lima bought a mug for Emma. Caroline bought a ticket for Sleeping Beauty. Irma is unsure what to get and will let Caroline and Lima know.
Jack enjoys his weekend. Dalila enjoys staying at home. Wendy is not traumatized after the accident but she's not cutting curves anymore.
Tom's been waiting for Stacy and Jill.
Linda bought a new pair of high heels and got a discount. She'll make an appointment at her hairdresser for Zoe.
Mathew will bring Patrick bhajia and kebab from sonford fries.
Norah considers moving abroad as she is young, has no family or other commitments. She speaks Spanish, so she may go to Spain or South America.
Sandra agrees with the article and she would only attempt to speak French, if she was drunk. Nicole did an AS-level.
Chris is overwhelmed with work as he is involved in ten projects at the same time. The management at his company refuses to hire any new employees despite the growing workload. The situation is similar in the case of Victoria.
Mary and Oscar bought a nice book as a gift for her.
Steve's friend is taking her pupils on a trip around Salvador to teach them about colonialism. Aline will write to Steve about the weekend soon.
Sophie wants to pass her driving licence. Clemence recommends Ornikar as one of the cheapest. He read that online schools are better than the traditional ones. He did his licence at CEF, having taken a month and a half for the theory and only 20 hours of driving lessons, but he had driven before.
Ava regrets asking her partner about his relationship history. He has had a few unpleasant break-ups and used to date three beautiful girls Ava knows.
Ronald and Donna will have a short phone call at 4.15 p.m. Ronald want to discuss the questionnaire that Donna filled out. Donna will collect a feedback from Jack and send it to Ronald.
Monica is having a day for herself.
Marsha, Thomas, Tracy and Gavin are going to Pisa tomorrow. They will wake up at 9, leave at 10 and arrive to Pisa at 12.
Sophie is looking for her eyelash curler. Isabelle hasn't found it in her place, so Sophie will call Diane to ask about it.
John and Peter check the flights. They decide to book a flight on December 6th. Peter will pay for the flight.
Casper has new paintings.
Greta has just bought two expensive tickets to the theatre as a Christmas gift. Greta will see Linda for a coffee on the corner in 15 minutes.
Tina needs to contact Michael Smith, but he's not in Chad's class anymore. Michael deleted his facebook account and hasn't been at school for 3-4 months. Tina was supposed to give him the tutoring. Chad has his phone number and Tina will contact Michael's parents.
The client Gino saw yesterday wants to be called back. If there is an urgent matter today, Sandra will send Gino a message.
Tracy met Sophie last night. They both enjoyed it. They will go out again on Friday at 8 p.m. Sophie has never been with a girl before but Tracy doesn't care.
Don will pick the car up in the morning.
Bunny is coming back in 3 days and will see Helena.
Nancy went to the wrong airport in Brussels and almost missed the flight. Someone on the train advised her she was going to Charleroi instead of Zaventem, so she took a taxi for which she paid a fortune to get to the right airport.
Garrett hates shaving so, according to Hammond, he should consider shaving.
Hunter is too tired to join Cameron at the gym tonight.
Dorothy doesn't like turtle necks. Marie explains the difference between a polo neck and a turtle neck.
Sanchez thought the test was tomorrow so he's not here. Louisa will tell the professor. Sanchez is on his way.
Jenny will go to Caron after 2 to bring eye drops and some paperwork. Caron will set up Jenny's laptop.
Christian and Robert will have hawaiian pizza tonight.
Lily's waking up and getting up and Mark invites her for a coffee he brought from Colombia. Lily will come to Mark's place with her dog in an hour.
Lena has done an experiment for biology, but forgot to write a report about it. Emma offers to change her own notes and print them, so they could pass for Lena's report.
Dave and Chris want to produce an RnB song together. They will meet with Jay the producer later in the evening and ask him for suggestions.
Flora and Amalia got lost and didn't find the lake. They asked people instead of using google maps.
Annabella sent Jett her recipe for the cheesecake she had brought yesterday. Annabella with bake a cheesecake for Mary's birthday.
Kate is doing a course in NY. Melanie's cats are doing fine. Kate is doing well with the invitations.
Susan wants to invite little Johnny for supper as he is waiting for his mother at the doorstep again. Victor wants him to stay also for Bible reading. Victor is hungry on the train, coming back from the conference.
Gina and Toby are expecting a baby April 2019. So is Danie.
Jim and Mel are complaining about working for free or paying for being employed.
Sule convinces Mike to meet for tea in the cafetaria in 10 minutes. Sule will pay for the food.
Hardi is in Bologna. They've finally started to go to school.
Kim's kid got sick so she can't join the other girls for Friday meeting. Misty wants to meet Jen and Lily anyway, as she needs to talk to them about her bad week with Tom.
Scott, Gary and Eric are going to the party. They advise Scott what to wear.
Bobby will be late and Mary and Tina won't start without him.
Greg's school team is going to play football today.
Sandra got engaged yesterday. He proposed in a traffic jam.
Fendi wants a new Pull and Bear bag. Her mom has no money for it, so she needs to pay for it herself.
Logan is looking at cheap flights in winter. He wants to go to Caribbean, South Africa or Thailand. Logan wants Eve to join him. She will ask her boss for a short leave.
Rebecca does not know how to turn on the hub. The green power switch turns on the hub.
Ash has a new hobby, but he changes them regularly or adds new ones, which makes Clem sceptical about it.
Gina and Emily are going to share their food. Imma has already eaten.
Carrie enjoyed Shawn's party last night.
Sophie wants a Cluse watch for Christmas. Sara has already chosen the same watch.
Mia received the proofs of the graduation photos 2 weeks ago by mail, but she hasn't received hard copies yet. Gia hasn't received anything yet. Gia and Mia were promised college sweaters by her, but haven't received them yet. They also had to borrow their graduation gowns for money.
Joe and Anna didn't like the new Netflix series '1983', and they wonder how it is possible that all critics recommend it very highly.
William is chilling in Devon. Mark is going there next weekend.
Someone destroyed Stacy's bathroom and the main suspect is David's girlfriend. Javier gives Stacy David's phone number so he or she would pay for the repair.
Taylor is at a shopping mall and has a flat tyre. His father is at a meeting and can't help. His mother, Owen, cannot contact Ethan for help because Ethan has left his mobile at home. Taylor will call a friend instead.
Judith, Marco and Leo received new shifts schedule. Judith is travelling from March 2nd to March 5th. She will change shifts with Leo.
Paula explains the classification of consonants in the Polish word 'ksiÄ…Å¼Ä™' to Willow.
Because Nickolas thinks the film was very bad, Mario wants to see it himself.
According to Vincent, the store providing the computer to Nelly is reliable and inexpensive but slow.
Nancy and Sid will have pasta without meat for dinner tonight.
Ruby doesn't want to go to school so she told her mum she is sick. Evie's mum would never believe her.
Emilia is editing a manual at work right now. Trey gave Emilia a photo and promised to give her another one later, but didn't do it yet. Trey is coming back from a job interview.
Simon has lost some weight since he left Sydney where he'd put some weight on. Mark says Simon is not as slim as before.
Lucy is going to play with Carlos' band at Space or replace him as he is sick.
Katy Morris has just left.
Lieutenant Wells called Bryan lots of times. Bryan is going to Afghanistan. The situation is stable there. Bryan is Lucy's only son. Bryan is visiting Lucy on Thursday with a cake.
Luca will take the black bike. Ben is on the wrong train and will only be able to get off in Birmingham.
Alisha and Hamza will play 8 ball and clash royale together. Alisha has sent Hamza an invitation for her clan.
Odette enjoyed yesterday's workshop. Odette will call Eden in a while to tell him about it.
Annette has not mastered the moves for today's class and is asking Tony for help. Tony is busy right now, but he will teach her in the afternoon.
Billy is on his way to meet Will. Will is waiting outside the building.
Christy and her husband would like to revisit Darline in Haiti. Darlene mentions there sometimes are manifestations with violence.
There is a storm and Karl and Skye's office is experiencing a power outage. Karl is in the office and he's already filed a report to the power company. Now Karl is following the official instructions to shut down the servers in order to prevent their damage.
Today Rob and Juan had panels. Rob discussed politics, history, art and literature. Clarice and Rob didn't like the chairman of Rob's panel. Rob, Clarice, Hugh and Juan will have a drink later.
Samantha is visiting her parents and won't be back until Sunday. Ruth wants Samantha to join her at a jazz dance club Vertigo on the 20th. Samantha won't make it as she will be resting after she returns.
Greg and Jack are worried about Hubert. Hubert seems to be too silent since he started dating Marco. Greg talked to Hubert, but Hubert says everything is alright.
Greg's hotel reservation in Barcelona was cancelled and he has no place to stay. It's past 8 pm and he's waiting in the hotel lobby. John's company will call the hotel to find out why the reservation was cancelled and they will review their cooperation. John can't book accommodation for Greg.
A doctor prescribed Brayden medication for 15 days. Since Brayden has a chronic disease, he has to make another appointment with the doctor soon.
The film with Gaga is the 4th remake.
Nicole is relieved that her new partners agree with the protest.
Matt and John's customer from Berlin is irritated because he hasn't received the money transfer. The invoice was issued on Jan 15th. John will check with their accountant and send them an e-mail with payment details by EOD. There's a special campaign scheduled for Tuesday.
William wakes up too early and cannot go back to sleep. Gina and Karen tell William what he can do.
Lisa felt bad. She didn't come to school. The professor gave the homework. Now Lisa is feeling good.
Joe and Barbara landed. Tracy will come to the city center when they get there.
Nicky and Phil owe the bank $3K.
Irwin will come and get his backpack from Jeremy's tomorrow afternoon.
Ted's twisted his ankle.
Adam will text Maya around 1 pm.
Maggie wants to know if there is any nice cotton fabric in the shops. Liz doesn't know but she will go before the winter break. There's a haberdashery in New Market Square.
Jack, Alex and Megan want to go somewhere warm for a week at the beginning of February. They will check for special offers. Megan suggests Curaco, she'll ask her friend at Delta.
Mia is destroyed after last night. Kim is still in bed.
Jack, Kasia and Wojtek will go to a concert that is taking place in the Royal Castle at 7 pm on Saturday. They will go to PoÅ¼egnanie z AfrykÄ… afterwards.
Pete wants to help Matthew paint his house.
Larry and Jimmy will be attending a concert in London tomorrow. Jimmy is going to arrive in London after 8:45 am after a long journey. Kate will be able to join them because she managed to finish her work.
Dana cannot pick up a package for Robert.
Cason bought a DSLR. He didn't tell Joy about it.
Arnie is scheduled to arrive in Warsaw at 18:45. Betty will come to pick him up at 19 or 19:15.
Kimberly and Andrew are planning to go to Lisbon for WYD in 3 years time.
Malia is a fan of Ed Sheeran. Jax sing in his car when alone. Malia and Jax are going to Jacob's home.
Dave wants to be added to the group chat. Rob doesn't know how to do it. He might make everyone admins to solve the problem.
Mark will be late for dinner, he has to stay longer at work because there is an audit at the end of the year. Sarah has heard it for the last 15 days, she misses Mark. They are going on vacation after the audit.
Ron sends John and Flynn a video compilation of brutal falls. They're too sensible to watch it.
Julia is cutting her hair tomorrow. Tommy is unhappy, he loves her hair.
Tomorrow's meeting starts at 9 AM sharp and ends at about 11 AM. It will be about structure and rules of the institution, also health and safety guidelines. Sonia will have to leave at 10:30. Oswold will give her some extra materials. They are also going to sign the contracts so IDs will be needed.
Sam passed away last night, but Reuben does not know the cause of the death yet. Karin is in a bad mood and she would like to find her own place. Karin will probably live in the same area, because it is close to her work.
Martha hasn't seen Katy who's wearing a hot dress today. Teddy thinks Katy wants to seduce Mr. Harris even though he's married and has four kids.
Ed couldn't get in because he didn't have the key, and Mike was at his chess club meeting. Ed had to go get the key from Mike.
There is a new tenant coming. Fatima doesn't remember when. Ben will show him the flat.
Megan is looking for a room to rent for her and Paul. Megan found a perfect place, but Paul thinks it is too expensive. Paul is going to help Megan with finding a better offer.
Hania tries to break a piece of today's news to her mother before she realises that instead of texting with Tania, she is massaging with her father. Tania is preparing dinner at the moment, so Hania wants her to call her back. She does not want to tell things to her father.
Mathew sent Elia link to Eminem's "Cinderella man" he was just listening.
Elis is angry with her brother.
Gloria and Olivia live together but Olivia is moving out. This makes Gloria happy because Olivia was not a respectful flatmate.
It's been raining constantly for a week. Miriam and Andrew decide to cancel their sightseeing today. Miriam will come to Andrew's place at 7 PM. They will watch Netflix and have dinner together. Miriam will bake a cake.
Hannah wants to go somewhere with her friends for the New Yearâ€™s Eve. Ryan wants a traditional drinking party. Frank wants something new.
Isla is conducting research on most popular names in the UK in the last 30 years. Isla wants to know if the names of public figures have an influence on the names people choose for their children. Harry refuses to explain why his parents gave him this name. Harry was born in 1985.
Stacy will probably get her phone back repaired within 4 days.
Acker will give Jetta chess lessons. Dayton's grandpa used to teach him. Acker, Jetta and Dayton will meet to practice before the tournament starts at 4.
Anne won 1000 dollars in a lottery.
Eva cannot decide on her vacation plans just yet because hubby does not know if he can get a week of holiday. Eva and Hannah will go to Greece for holiday.
Nathan and Jake will attend a political debate on campus. The election is on Monday. Nathan is going to vote for Harper. Jake was thinking about voting for Trudeau.
Gabriel has 5 hours on a train and needs some music to entertain himself. He should listen to Beach House and "OK Computer" or "In Rainbows" by Radiohead.
Anna will come to Jenny tomorrow to have some coffee and explain her how she can buy and sell stuff on allegro.
Barry took the chocolate that Gus had bought for Dinny for their first month anniversary.
Maxwell is not coming tomorrow.
Zhara has problems with NXexpiria camera's settings. Zhara has a NXexpiria model from 2017 and a booklet that came with it. Ana will ask her boyfriend if he will be able to help Zhara.
James will share his sandwiches with Laura.
Fran and Ethan are meeting today at 7:30 at Ethan's. Karen is leaving at 6 for work and Rob's out tonight.
Franklin and Francis watched the match yesterday. Franklin missed the second half. The referee gave a penalty kick to the other team. Francis switched off the tv.
Taylor has problems with his Skype. Angel will forward Taylor's message to Cynthia.
Vicki is very tired and she does not know if she will make it today. She went to sleep at 10 p.m., but there was a loud party next door.
Scarlett cooked dinner. She invited their new neighbours, Mark and Mia, to get to know them.
Charles will get groceries for Mary and make pancakes today.
Mom might have hidden the tablet charger in a TV drawer.
Vicky thinks she might have got food poisoning after the last meal with Marleen, Denny, and David. Marleen suggests that Vicky is pregnant.
Anne wants to do nothing tonight as she is already busy with her job this week.
Elias was looking for his blue watch. Elias forgot, that he lent the watch to Matt 2 days ago.
Doris will meet Terry at 7 for a couple of beers to celebrate she passed her exam.
Helen has a job after being jobless for 3 months. She's not going to work today, because she's pregnant and she feels bad.
Julia wants to go on a date on Valentine's Day but Benjamin finds the holiday tacky.
Peter's tapping. It bothers Duffy. He'll stop.
Kimberley and Rose are meeting tomorrow to go to a salsa party. She will be free after her dancing classes at 7: 30 pm, so he will pick her up at 7:45.
Donna wishes Katie good luck on her exam.
Paul, Joe and Rob will go to the new Narcos-themed escape room. Rob will book a slot for Friday.
Nelson has just started reading "The Lord of the Rings". It's one of the favourite books of Wilson. "Fellowship" is his favourite part.
Miles had a strange dream about being stuck in the 80's. Connie wishes they could go back to their dreams.
Grace and Andrew may be going to Egypt together this December.
Jean, Rebecca and Mark will meet in the pub next to Jean's home to play some pool and table football.
Paige is looking for a bathrobe. Clara and Natalia recommend her the fluffy ones. Paige agrees, but can't decide whether to buy a rabbit or a bear bathrobe.
Charlotte had a birthday. Peter don't have any gift for her, even if she gave him one for his birthday. He will have something for her.
Freddy has rented a camera. Freddy, Agatha and Jacob will go and take outdoor photos on Saturday morning.
Rebecca, Rose and Fiona met today. Rose and Fiona got home safely.
Lorena got some good bargains at the "99 Cents" shop.
James asks Sarah if due to a big history test tomorrow he can submit his essay one day later. Sarah agrees.
Di's plane has come down in Frankfurt. She will meet with Bro.
Jenny does not like the way the new girl in her chemistry class looked at her so she will tell everyone not to talk to her. Cameron questions this approach.
Pauline is going to Lyon tomorrow to see her grandmother, who had a heart surgery today. She and Carl are going to meet on Monday or next week.
The company is looking for a new senior manager for the team. There are already a few applications from LinkedIn. Mike, Julia, Frank and Greg are disappointed because it means they're not getting promoted anytime soon.
Sara, Ken, Alex and Anna enjoyed Thanksgiving feast. Kieran proposed to split Thanksgiving grocery expenses and charge everyone equally. They will bring leftovers to the camp at around 1 pm and have a leftover lunch.
Sebastian, Louise and Wilfried will play fifa at Sebastian's place on Friday.
Sandor explains to Mike that O1G means sperm in Hungarian and it is offensive. Mike saw the writing everywhere in Budapest lately. Mike and Shaun are against Orban.
Tom and Janet are congratulating Silvia on her presentation.
Jillian bought three black dresses today.
Mark gave Jane a pair of earrings as a gift.
Bill and Jen are collecting voices and aim for 20 in total.
Katy will be at the animal association tomorrow at 8:00 am. Brendon and Katy will feed the kittens and puppies and clean up after the cats and dogs. They will grab lunch at a spot around the corner.
Lizzie is feeling better today, she is asleep and has no fever.
Dianne planted sunflowers and they did not grow. Barrett knows a little bit about the flowers and advises to wait.
Rodger is organizing a meeting to watch the match starting at 8:45 PM. Rodger wants to know how many people are interested in order to make a reservation. Austin is coming back next month and can't join.
Shirley made dumplings with vegetable filling. She got the recipe from YouTube.
James wants Alexander to throw away the garbage.
Emma is looking for the cellar key. Baldwin will look through his keys when he gets home.
Carl is going to make an order from FitMe. He will get three banana flavoured, three strawberry and five chocolate protein shakes for Leah. He will also get her pancake mix from a company which sells fit versions of junk food.
Molly is back to some song recently and listened to a new album on Spotify recently, and Andrew didn't know it was already there.
Christine and Jane's friends, Sean and Natasha, are getting a divorce after being married for 2 years. According to Natasha's brother, Sean was unfaithful.
Tony and his wife celebrate their anniversary next week. He doesn't know what to buy as a present. Liz suggests Calvin Klein perfume.
Jenny has free seat in her car. Maria and Bernhard want to go with her. They're leaving about 9 from the hotel.
Beth and Sara make fun of Linda's wedding video that will be played tomorrow at the party.
Diana really needs Susan to join her at a meeting where Diana's ex is going to be with his new wife.
Lena is on the train, which was delayed, and Tom will arrive in 10 minutes, so Ali will wait for them at Starbucks.
Max and Sophia are going for bowling tonight. Tomorrow, they will watch Creed II.
James is in London. It's cold. He saw Buckingham Palace, London Eye and Big Ben. He will se the Harry Potter film set. James lost his scarf in Thames. He will buy a new one. Alice will send him the money.
Pete has seen the new Bladerunner film. He recommends it to Pete. Pete is going to pirate the movie.
Zoe is planning a Jesus formal for Wednesday 21st. Tom, Richard, Helen and Anne will join.
Matt hasn't bought the turkey yet as he might get one at work for free in the next couple of days. Matt will probably be home at the usual time.Sadie and Matt are having grilled cheese soup later.
Ian sends Alice a photo of something in connection with his cat. Ian's cat is often more interested with Ian's clothes than with Ian himself. Cats were once considered gods.
Jenna asks Scott to buy her an adhesive bandage. She cut her finger the previous day.
Rhys asked Ronald how he can save a screenshot of a conversation in his Samsung Galaxy S9.
John and Lucy have classes in room N215 today.
Sue's car has stopped working, so she is stuck on the road. Sue managed to get home, but she is mad at a garage in which she bought a car. Sue is going to confront them tomorrow. Sue wrote an official complaint, so she is going to visit a garage once again with Jenny in order to hand it in.
Emily has a problem with her bike's brakes. Jason will try to help her. They'll meet at his place.
Neither Helen nor katie went to SW tonight. Helen and katie will go to the Tuesday classes done by Emily.
Alfonso, Marga and Clair are meeting up for breakfast tomorrow, at 9:00. They are meeting in La Tienda de la Cerveza bar next to La Latina metro station. Marga compares this bar to disgusting and dirty bars in Madrid. Claire is looking forward to see her friends.
Nina is decluttering her house. Mark, Nancy, Kelly, Sam and Jess are supportive.
Tim surprised Nina with flowers after they spent a nice day together yesterday.
The Maison is suitable for a date.
Eva's broken her leg. Barbara will be at Eva's place in thirty minutes. They will be watching "Something borrowed, something new".
Andy doesn't want to come and help April make cookies.
Natalie had a bad day because she lost her wallet and all her cards.
Tom is fine and doesn't need Mary's help.
Daniel recommends Margaux to choose Aloe Vera. Margaux will soon place the order.
Josh, Emma and Bill will order pizza and Asian food for the evening.
Liam feels sorry for Willow, because she is ill at Christmas.
Valeria will visit Calvin in 30-40.
Caroline and Isaac will be exchanging gifts soon. Caroline likes books by Nicholas Sparks but she'd rather get a purse this time.
Madison is working on a school project about extinct languages of Lapland.
Christine is not going to school tomorrow as she's sick with the flu or a cold. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later.
Jim was planning to spend Christmas alone, watching TV. Jim and Sarah do not like the film "Home Alone". Sarah invites Jim over for Christmas dinner.
Sally and Kate will go to the new Lebanese restaurant on Friday to celebrate Sally's birthday.
Junior is 10 min late for the game.
Tommy has some bottles of hand sanitizer from his mother. Rosie will come to take a look after she makes sure that people print reports on the right size paper.
Ash didn't go to school and missed Ashley's performance. Eva sends her the recording. Eva likes Ashley's  singing, Eva doesn't.
The paperwork says the bank will close the account on the 16th January. Vince didn't take their names off the account.
Amelia and Oliver's train is departing in 3 minutes. Oliver had trouble finding the platform.
Lucy will call Kate when she'll wake up.
Amelia is back from Australia and was missed by Zara. Jamie liked her pictures and Amelia is up for a catch-up meeting with them.
Logan and Amelia discuss politics and Brexit. Logan explains there is a problem with the customs union and the border. They go to the pub to discuss the matter.
Cam decided to give Uma a cake and kokedama classes as a farewell gift.
Ian will join Harry and Todd on a snowboarding trip to Zakopane this weekend. Harry and Todd will test their new boards, Ian will rent one.
Samuel wants to watch some Polish movies. Michal recommends Kieslowski's "Double life of Weronika", and "Mis".
Nelly, Kate and Ruth's friend, Audrey, has recently gone vegan, become interested in politics, and according to Kate it's mainly because she wants to impress her boyfriend. Nelly has noticed Audrey doesn't spend a lot of time with them recently as her boyfriend doesn't like them.
After brainstorming gift ideas with Alex, Matilda will buy Yves Saint Laurent Black Opium for her friend.
Dan comes home late twice a week lately and complains about being tired. Julie is worried by this behavior. Julie will talk to Dan this weekend, as Maddy advised.
Chloe finds the new math teacher attractive and reasonable, Andrew hasn't met him yet.
Tom and Cate are going to the cinema to see both Bohemian Rhapsody and Suspiria. They will bring popcorn and buy nachos. Tom bought tickets in the middle.
The alarm went off. Peter will go to 134 Road Street to check it.
James is leaving the company next month. Craig wonders who's going to be fired next.
Honorata is upset as his brother has made a mess of the house in his absence.
Darren and Matt want to meet tomorrow at Scott's to try out his cocktail cabinet.
Yoli and Eva will go to Ikea on Thursday with Yoli's truck. Eva is running on Wednesday and Thursday morning until 10:30. Yoli has to pick up the girls from school at 5.
Allen, Michelle and Molly are listening to a song of Katie.
Lisa sent a video of Rick’s new song to Kate. Lisa thinks it's amazing.
Barry and Marty decide to have some vodka and disco. They will meet at Barry's.
Jenna doesn't want an apple from Linda.
It's Black Friday and Howard bought speakers for 12 bucks.
Rami sent Silvia the program but the ticket sales start next Tuesday. Rami's plan is 19/08 Grosvenor and  26th at 8 pm Avdeeva. Silvia was at her concert with Kremer last year and found it fantastic. Rami missed the concert. She would like to buy a full pass.
Lorranie would like to eat a tomato soup.
Paul asked Alan for help in finding excel file with the annual budget that Phil needs for his presentation. Alan helped Paul to find the file.
Richard and Janine don't like Christopher because of his behaviour and fashion sense.
Ross needs someone to cover for him on Monday between 4 and 6 pm. Melania can't help him, Josh probably will.
Ralph reluctantly agrees to leave the library and call Marta to hear her news.
Lola is going to leave the party and visit Nick in 10 minutes.
Adam supports the team that Barry thinks is not worthy.
Seat is cheaper and nicer than Golf, but may not be bigger.
John is tired with the winter and he needs a break. He's flying home to Malawi tomorrow and he'll be back in 2 or 3 weeks. Josh, Luke and Theresa want to visit him in Africa someday.
Julia will send Emma their photos from the party again, because Julia had a problem with her phone.
John, Robert, Jeniffer and Mary are leaving Paris on Monday at 9am. They're going to Brussels, which shouldn't take more than 4 hours.
Josh sent Kate a photo of his haircut. He wants to prove that his hair does not exactly has the colours of the rainbow.
Susie will make muffins with the pumpkin puree from Elizabeth's recipe.The recipe is for around 12 muffins. Susie will bake them for her boyfriend.
Annabelle ordered an Uber for Henry. Mohammed will be at the station in 4 minutes.
Matt wants Luke to turn the heating down and bring him a cup of tea.
Baron, Lois and Blake are having a video conference on Friday at 10 AM UK time. Blake might be 15 minutes late. In the meantime Lois and Baron will have a moment for gossip.
The door number is 69.
Emily went for a date. It turned out he already had a family. Emily never wants to see him again but is relieved that he told her.
Stanley will let Julia know if he and Paulina will come to Julia's place to eat some food and play some board games with them and Arthur and Conrad. Julia has to know how much food she should prepare.
Jenny is having a girls' meeting tonight. Kevin can't come.
Rick and Morty may meet next week to watch the new season of "The Simpsons".
Maya, Tamara and Joan don't like the new girl and decide to plot against her tomorrow.
Kate has a theory that Rose form "Titanic" didn't want Jack to join her on the piece of wood she was drifting on. Judy doesn't care about the subject.
Kate is lost. Ines tells Kate to go towards the blue boat. They will meet halfway.
Ana spent time with Henry today and is leaving now.
Daniel allows Patrick to submit his assignment during class time. Patrick always submits his work late as he leaves home late. Daniels points out that Patrick has an ineffective morning routine and advises him to change it. Patrick promises to never be late again.
Leo will meet Terry, Lola and Marina tomorrow at 8.45.
Mel will prepare a draft of a contract for John. Gordon will talk with him about their offer of a 35% pay rise.
Abram lives in Maputo, the capital of Mozambique.
Veronica wants to buy the air humidifier. Natalie bought one last year and she sleeps well when it's on.
Uri will go with Tamar and his friends to Kuli Alma.
Sebastian is very busy today so he can meet Craig next weekend.
Louise is going to drive Martina to their fitness class at 6. Louise will pick Martina up at 5:40 at the parking near her office.
Phill will give Peter's friend a lift to the station tomorrow.
Harry's daugther accidentally called Joe. Harry and Joe haven't spoken since last year. Joe will call Harry if he can go for a burger with him on Friday.
Pilar reminds Clarissa about the track work on the road and recommends her to choose another route.
Ted got stuck near Croydon. Tony can't wait as his train leaves in 20 mins.
Suzie gets off at 4pm. Paul will pick her up.
Sarah has been to Dubai and she's back at work now. Bella is in Poland with the kids now, but they plan a weekend in Lille next month. Louis is in southern France. Bella should come in the first week of February, but Sarah will be away then.
John will call Linda.
Sally needs to take Chris' car to go with mom to aunt Ruby on Friday afternoon. The trip is 30 km.
Susy has just graduated. She also has a driving licence exam next month.
Bernie forgot his lunch. Mommy wants to fetch it for him. He wants to eat in the canteen instead. Mommy doesn't want that Bernie eats in the canteen. He refuses to take the lunch but she threatens to come to the classroom and hand it to him.
Jack has a problem with an application and needs Kev's help.
Emanuel is having an appointment with the psychiatrist next week and with the psychologist a week later. Damian is always available if he needs to talk and recommends a place on Brown Street.
Lola has just left the subway and will meet Jackie in 2 minutes.
Zeke got Kenya's number from Marianne. Zeke liked Kenya's performance. Kenya was very nervous during the performance.
The Canadian who had been abducted on Tuesday was killed near Gorom Gorom. The other Canadians taking part in a humanitarian mission were seen in Bobo-Dioulasso last time, but they disappeared close to the Togo border. Ouagadougou is quite safe but it's better not to travel outside the city.
Mark is in Cambodia.
Mason is outside Terry's place.
Frank was trying to reach Kelvin on the phone. He even stepped by his place. Kevin will call him back as he was informed by Perpetual about Frank looking for him.
Oscar printed a ticket for Anna.
Rose, Helmut and Mary have to clean up the place after the party. It's in the contract.
Carson suspects that she has a thalassophobia.
There is a big traffic in France today.
It is raining but Harriet will go for a walk regardless.
Linn is looking for a Lowell product for her mother at the shop. John asked for some M&M's.
The restaurant didn't take Dave and Jen's reservation as it was made too late. There might be problems with other restaurants too as it's Valentine's Day. Dave and Jen decide to watch Netflix and eat sushi instead.
Jake made it home safely after the date with Agnes. They will meet again tomorrow.
Mark and Terry are on the way to Blake's place. There should be ample parking since it's a Sunday.
Lana broke up with Michael.
Carmen had to change her mobile number and e-mail because of Mike. Lizzy will go with Carmen to the police to show them his messages. Carmen doesn't want to worry Mike's mum as she's sick. Lizzy reckons she should think about herself.
Amelia only sleeps and smokes weed, but she wants to do something exciting and meaningful. She might come back to playing football, and when she breaks the bad habit, Oscar will give her an interesting proposition.
Pauline would like Kevin to visit her and her cat.
Samantha wants Ava to water her palm while she's in London.
Jackson share a Theresa May meme.
Regina finds a certain type of conversation with guys on Tinder boring. Nelson doesn't find them boring, but understands Regina's point.
Jacqueline left her jacket at Trinity's house.
Zack's guitar is broken. Wilson will lend him one of his guitars so he can practice. Zack will pick up the guitar after 7 p.m.
Simon will recommend Rachel in his company for the position of office worker.
Stella sent Ronnie her schedule.
Marsha, Jonas and Lara are going to a pub. They are going to meet on the market square at 8 PM. Jacob will join them at 8:30. Hannah and Jeff cannot come.
Mark is upset that the team he supports sold his favourite player. He thinks that it will not succeed without him.
The last time Conrad smoked was 2 months ago.
Kate is happy with her job. Mike is happy for Kate. Kate has waited over 10 years to get the job.
Gary changed the password to gmail account to emplingdoc2017gr1.
The lawn should be mowed. Kate will be there in an hour.
David, Monica and Nina will split the bills. David will divide the electricity bill differently, because he was gone for 2 weeks.
Nancy has a test on Friday. She is going to study together with Maya tomorrow after school.
Karen lost her phone and is on her way home.
Filip has been busy recently. Sean is not playing a lot. ToughSchmidt broke his phone. Sean will go help his wife.
Misha joined a course that Jason, Tatiana and Maria attend. Misha has a different accent.
Jessica wants Williams to join her at the villa's party in Ibiza, so she will help her with the money.
Oliver has a date today.
Chloe and Julia are going to meet for coffee on Saturday at 11. They need to find a place where Chloe can take her dog with her.
Ron will come over to Mike's place for lunch at 1.
Liliana has a new job. She goes there on foot. She likes her boss. There is one girl that Liliana can't talk with. It's because of her interests and lifestyle.
Evra is working at a construction. One of the workers fell and injured himself, now the others are afraid and aren't coming to work. Patrick will talk to a guy who can help Evra find new workers.
Dan was dumped by Ellie. He and Sebastian will talk about it tomorrow. Sebastian's parrot died this morning.
Jacob and Leo wonder whether or not Jacob shall get Jan a health club membership for Christmas.
Jenny bought an avocado and she sent some recipes to Olivia.
Martha is picking up Annie from the airport at 9 p.m. Martha won't be back from Chicago before Wednesday. Annie liked her trip to Europe very much.
Conrad recommends Bose Quietcomfort 35 headphones. The headphones are wireless. Jerry is considering buying the headphones that Conrad recommends.
Andrea doesn't want to hang out with Daniel.
Sue was expecting Aj at her place this morning. It's 2.30 p.m. now and Aj's still not there. Aj apologizes. Aj promises to come to Sue in an hour and to bring a cake.
Ruth bought her bathers on the Internet. She sent Marina a link.
Tim forgot to take the chicken out to defrost. Jen will get something else at the store.
Ceaser and Antonio are going to take part in a FIFA 19 tournament this weekend. Antonio wants to start preparing right away.
Sandro has flown recently.
Mr. Atkinson is in hospital. They suspect he had a heartstroke. Violet will send flowers to the hospital on behalf of the whole team.
Sandy's going by bus to visit her father in Braga.
Peter will come on Friday at 6:40. He will go by night, because there are no good connections. Derren will pick Peter up from the station and they will have a breakfast at home before Derren leaves to work. The three of them will go to the exhibition on Friday after 3 p.m.
Linda has quit her job. She was harassed by her boss.
Joanna, Nancy and Ben were woken up early by their moody kids.
Today, it's solar eclipse. Ian doesn't know what it is.
Carl can't talk since he's in the theatre.
Nathan, Lore and Ali are going to Mary's party.
Ray is disturbed by a hobo outside his front door refusing to leave.
Mark's tests are going good so far. He will have one more test, from Math. Mark will get the exam results in mid-July.
Hannah and Suzan had plans to go shopping together today.
Marco and Carlos are angry, because people living in Venezuela are starving. Most European airlines stopped flying to Venezuela.
Ellie is going to Prague for two full days. Andrew hasn't been to Prague and can't suggest anything to see there.
Sheldon finds the party a bit weird although Kevin heard it was great.
Lana and Paul have been dating for half a year and now it is serious. Paul has asked Lana to move in with him. Lana is confused but she loves Paul. Together, Lana and Paul could afford to rent out a bigger apartment.
Daisy is looking for peanut butter, which is usually in the cupboard, but Joel ate it. Diane will buy more after work.
Hailey invites Peter for a house-warming part on Sunday evening. He's planning to get drunk.
Tally is going to meet Iggy at the smaller cafe. Iggy will send Tally a message when she leaves the office.
There's an opportunity for Marie and Victor to take over the room of Kate and Eric who're leaving on Tuesday. Marie and Victor decide not to switch rooms.
Dave was turning up the volume on his computer with his headset plugged in.
Jay doesn't know what to buy Mia for present. Michelle suggested him a piece of jewellery. Jay will buy a brooch.
Ewan tells Isabel he will be late for the party, because his car broke down. She gives him a number to a cab service she likes. Ewan is glad and will be there soon.
Robert picked up flowers for Shauna's mom.
Victor is happy about going on a date with Jane soon. Victor will let Finn know how it goes.
Dan has lost his driver's license. Rebecca found it on his night table.
Mark enjoys Remy's joke "Can't die, Gloomhaven soon".
Alex will do the shopping before he gets home.
Diana Voss has just landed in Frankfurt and will be arriving in the evening. Ms. Hobbs will turn the heating on in her apartment.
Caroline and Hannah will go shopping for Christmas gifts on Sunday.
Emily is still in Hong Kong. Logan and Miriam would like to visit Emily. Emily offered to host Logan and Miriam.
Ann, Lee and Max are attending Kate's wedding. They will give her money as a present.
Jess picked up her dress, but Lona's was sent to another shop, and Morgan's will be ready on time at the same place as at the collection she got a wrong size.
Neither Bruno nor Thomas know how to do the math homework.
Victoria is at the door. Christine is coming to let her in.
Rick is moving to a new place uptown. He will organize a housewarming party. Marta will come.
Peter, Raphael and Brian will go to the gym tommorow around 11. They will start with cardio and then heavier things.
Matthew won't drink alcohol because he's driving. He is waiting for Paul to come down.
Ann and Andrew can't connect the new lapton to the Internet. It requests a wpa2. Sean helps them and sends a photo. Ann and Andrew reset the router and the laptop, they type the second password and it works.
David wants to go to the US, but he's afraid of flying. May tells him about her journey to Japan. She gives David some tips how to survive a long flight.
Eve and Dylan had a discussion last night. Dylan decides he 'll start a psychotherapy.
The shortcut for program-closing is ALT + F4. Mike has sent Alice a cheat sheet with other helpful shortcuts.
Spencer and Zara need time to relax. They have been busy with work and preparing Christmas.
Adam is sick and won't be able to exercise with Eric today.
Greg and Louise are having Chinese takeout.
Susan and Maya want to organize new year's eve party at Bob's house. Maya created an event on facebook and invited others.
Alex is going to visit his parents in Chesterfield this weekend. Alexandra is going to IKEA tomorrow.
Michal did not have time to paint miniature for Artur. Marcin will let him know about it.
Ken and Barb will have fish and chips at the Pier tonight.
Darrell and Frannie are in love with each other. Darrell seems surprised that Frannie loves him, even though he is overweight and is not too handsome.
Natalie's son will start teething soon.
Hubert and Morton are going to train today. Nelson cannot join, because his muscles got sore after the last training. Hubert is poking fun at Nelson.
Alice needs shortcuts for closing programs and copying. Mike sends a cheat sheet.
Vivian wants to collect various items for homeless people before Christmas. Ruth, George and Jack will contribute with whatever they find relevant. Ruth will convince some more people.
Anne is dating some dude. Nadia found out from Jason he dated Anne and some other girl called Alexis at the same time. He liked Alexis better but she refused him. Anne is furious but promises to act as she didn't know anything.
Tanya will get her InokimZ3 Electric Scooter delivered home tomorrow between 6-10pm and she should pay 21.40€, which includes the delivery fee.
Ryan is seeing a girl. Neomi isn't fond of her. Ryan will spend two months in London.
Timothy lent Brad 50$ two months ago. Brad was supposed to give it back in a month. Timothy has already reminded him twice. Brad promises to give it back in a week.
Marie is in Bologna, and she finds the local men very hot.
Timothy and Simon are supposed to meet at 9 pm.
Anna explains Megan, Becky and Amy what they should bring to school this week. They will pick their kids up by the studio exit and are supposed to give  £1.50 to the reception for the charity.
Brian's birthday party was great. Everyone has returned home safely.
Jill is bored in her government class.
Steve asks Castro about the world's best rugby team as he wants to try his luck in betting. Castro names Chile.
Joyce will not bring anything for Fernanda and Henry from the UK.
Barb needs a new jacket for a presentation. Gina suggests looking at Ulla Popken, where she bought some slacks recently. Barb doesn't want to buy a jacket online. Gina says Barb can buy it at Mercado.
Mike and Paul are going to Castle Hill in the center. Mike will lend Paul his bus fare.
Greg is gong to The University of Bristol. Gina knew he would do it. Emma is proud.
Felix hopes it won't escalate into a war. Gemma's not surprised.
Ryan is disappointed about the first game of the season. Ryan believes the team may still be tired after the training camp and they still have 37 games to get better.
Bill had the most injuries because he was driving the car. He will let Natasha know when he needs anything.
Bruno, Kate, Caren and Tom are going on a sailing trip. Kate proposes that Tom organizes it, as he's the most experience. They are thinking about the Mediterranean or the Caribbeans as their destination. Bruno has a wedding coming up. Kate will ask Tom about the estimated cost of the trip.
John and Esther are going on vacation in February.
Emily and Claudia don't want to buy a TV anymore.
Frank lost a book. It's probably still somewhere in his room.
This weekend there is a finale in Abu Dhabi. Kubica will be back on the Formula 1 next season.
Danielle and Brooke will pick up Kristen.
Anita invites Eric for dinner at Juan's parents' place. Eric is happy to come and will meet Anita there for 8. Anita will send him details.
Evie will ship stuff to her mum tomorrow. She's preparing for holidays. Bill feels down. He has a lot of work. Brad has back spasms and he's taking medicine for that.
Bella bought a ticket for 26 December to go to her parents'. It cost 80 pounds, with luggage.
Joseph and Sienna are concerned about their dad's health. They want to call doctor Phillips and ask him to drive over and talk to dad.
Caroline will meet Kate at her place after Kate's classes. Kate has send her directions.
Pauline and Catherine find the article about abortion appalling so they want to go to any new protests they could join.
Sam has an iPhone charger. Freddie's battery is dying, so he will come to Sam's office for the charger.
Emily is looking for a creative hobby to replace baking.
She is riding a bike well for someone aged three.
Sharol will pick up Mary from university, because someone has hit her car when it was parked, and now she can't start it.
Andrea, Nathan and Paul will meet at Harvey's at 9 pm and probably will go somewhere else. Beth has a dinner with her parents so will join them later.
Conny is asking Jo if she can come for a short swim. Jo does not see the need to ask that.
Bill is stuck in a traffic jam and running out of gas. Helen is waiting for him.
Mario doesn't want to go to Sue’s birthday.
Jacqui is riding a bus. She is anxious about a stranger passenger. She will text Charles when she reaches home.
Becky had a busy weekend and studied for her exam that is tomorrow at 7AM.
For tomorrow classes Mollie and Peter need to read an article that they have on their email and prepare a speech or presentation. Peter is not connected with the team email. Mollie gives Peter the password.
Ginny's waiting inside for Thea. Thea looks sweet.
Ula has a client who is pregnant, but she wants to keep on doing sport. Dorothy will send Ula some links with exercises for pregnant women.
Tess has a fever. She should put a cold wet towel on her forehead to feel better.
Will and Beth will go to the swimming pool.
Mark, Louis and Nathan will go bowling at 9 pm tomorrow.
Chad met Linda at the party and really liked her but she hasn't accepted his friend request. Leanne will try to get Chad her phone number so he can ask her out.
Ronald will throw away the garbage.
Wanda invited Gerhard from work for a dinner. They went out on a few dates. He is German and a neurosurgeon in the hospital. Mom suggests cooking some stuffed cabbage for him.
Kori needs a car, because she has a doctor's appointment at 7 AM. Leandro will take the train to work today.
Jude has tried online dating but didn't find anyone he would like. He showed Robin one dating website. Robin made a profile on this website. She will answer the personality test questions.
Deidre has a crush on Oliver.
Zachary managed to get the stamp he needed for discounts. However, he will have to return to the Dean's office next week to solve other issues. Office hours are inadequate for working students, queuing is badly organised and takes a lot of time.
Chloe needs Daniel to ask Ethan to bring back her guitar at the earliest.
Anna offers Isabella, who's free on summer holidays, a data entry work. Isabella accepts. She has to do 6 excel sheets, she'll get 10$ per sheet. They're due in 48 hours.
Megan and Anne didn't talk to each other yesterday during the exhibition. Anne works for 10-12 hours a day, and she's very tired.
William will buy some dry red wine for Kate. He will be there in 20 minutes.
Claire frequently serves frozen pizza for dinner.
Lorraine and Phoebe's show is no longer performed in a city theatre. Lorraine found a different performance that they might like. It is called "Longer than enough" and is about a man with schizophrenia who tries to operate his own business. The tickets cost the same price as for the previous one.
Mike and Adam are going to meet with their friends. Mike and Adam both don't like Amanda, Ken's girlfriend.
Brain will visit Fred in 2 weeks. The kids will stay with his mother-in-law.
Lia is angry at Adam for teasing Tom.
The dean had a heart attack and died. A pedestrian tried to save him, but the ambulance came too late. Adam and Frank are attending the funeral on Sunday.
Joan is going to the cinema this weekend to see Bohemian Rhapsody.
Rowan is joining Jo for lunch tommorow at 1 pm at the Pret next to the BL.
Joy's going surfing today at 2 pm and Elvis'll join him.
Gemma will make a set of crochet coasters for the head. Some people will bring wine, Greg will bring flowers.
Harry, Anne, Tom, Edward and William are going to collect 20 each for Mia's present.
Judith did some crazy things with her boss when she was drunk at the party yesterday. Adam took a photo and video of it.
Amanda bought a dress. Leticia doesn't like the way it looks on Amanda. She will return it.
Rapunzel syndrome is one of the medical conditions named after Disney characters.
Johnny will make it home from work for 5 instead of 5.30 as Amber made his favourite food.
Julia, Aaron, Sarah and Victor will go to Hermosa tomorrow at 3 p.m.
Madison got home safe.
Alicia is sending a photo to Eddie and finds its content nice on the inside.
Harper invites Sean and Joe to try the pad thai he's making.
Jacob had a car accident. Aaron will be there in 20 minutes to take Jacob to see a doctor at the hospital.
Karl has a new girlfriend. Leo will introduce his girlfriend tonight.
Mike will collect laundry from Kim's Laundry at Jane's request. He doesn't have to pay.
Charlotte is in Thailand from 5th December until 5th of January. Ben wants to stay away from his family on Christmas, because his parents are getting a divorce. He wants to stay in Antwerp for Christmas.
Ben has just landed back in town, is at the office now and will be back home around 6:00 or 7:00. Nora will order Indian food for him from the new restaurant at the corner.
Katie went to a party for the first time.
Elise fired her nanny yesterday. She will meet Agatha for coffee tomorrow morning to discuss the issue. Agatha has a meeting at 11.30.
Carl and Olivia are critical of Brexit. Olivia believes she should emigrate and Carl wishes he could do that.
Jessica is angry at Robert because he told Kathy that Lucy was pregnant. Robert feels bad as he did not know it was a secret.
Mike teaches Marcia how to take a selfie on her phone.
Helen's found an all-inclusive holiday offer to Alua Hawaii Mallorca & Suites between 23 and 30 March. Philippa likes the other offer even more.
Cathy, Fiona and Isma will pick Ismael up with their bikes at 10.30. They will go to the park for a ride at 11 with Dave and Rose, and after that - for lunch and beer at Dory's.
Marla, Kyle and Brad are going to Walmart in a few minutes.
Francois, Isa, Olive, Xavier and Stef will go on a short trip to Marroco in January. Olive has booked a riad for them in the Mamounia.
Rowing group is collecting money for their uniforms at the party. Jeff and Tommy do not want to support it.
Ellie is staying in Helsinki till Friday. Ellie would like to visit the Arctic circle too, but it is a bit expensive. Sam convinces Ellie to use the opportunity.
Jane and James will go together to the concert. They will meet at Manchester's train station at 3 p.m. James takes other two girls. Kate will be at the concert at 8 p.m.
Dan has to prepare an essay and he is thinking if not leaving everything and where it would be better to live.
Yaz was on holiday in Cornwall and she's slightly afraid of coming back to the club after treating herself on holidays.
Samantha sends Jonas a link with a dress she's buying for Sara's wedding. He has mixed feelings.
Mary is about to see the doctor about her allergy shots. She has problems with swallowing after the shots. Larry has an appointment with a chiropractor as his back hurts.
Tom will inform Kelly about his arrival as soon as possible.
Donny got engaged to Martha. They will visit Marc this Friday.
Kenna saw Jacob Paulson on campus at the bowl. He probably came from Ottawa with a visit.
Bennett, Josie and Randolph are planning to go to the hoops game on Friday.
Last Sat the lesson was cancelled. Tina was in the country, Meg was supposed to go to a wedding that was cancelled only 1.5 weeks in advance. The girl learned some facts about the groom and decided not to marry. Meg was available, but didn't want to make mess with the lesson. Tina wants to pay Meg.
There is a problem with too much smog at the airport's starting lane. Because of the weather, both Ben's and Alex's flights are delayed.
Ray sent the political quiz on Jay's request.
Til needs Danny to collect her from work because she's sick.
Zara and Cali will meet at Paparazzi for drinks at 8 o'clock tonight.
Mike is designing for Jay's friend and finishing his previous project. Jay and Josh will probably see Mike next Tuesday. Jay will confirm later on this week.
Peggie is sending Hettie birthday wishes. Peggie's daughter gave birth to twins in March and her son moved to Derry. Her neighbour passed away two months ago. Hettie will be probably moving house soon in the area close to the Grampians, which is where she always wanted to live.
Zoe is sending Frank a video and he wishes her a good day.
Andy has left the fridge door open at Ella's request. Ella gave Andy butter. In the mail, Ella received 2 medical bills, a parcel with a book inside, junk mail and newspapers. Ella asks Andy to throw the junk mail and newspapers away.
The plaited dresses that Lisa ordered last week were shipped today.
Alice wants Rob to go to a store after he's finished work to look for a mirror like the one they had in the hall as it broke.
Jane has an exam, so she cannot watch a movie with Mike.
Kaya can't solve a puzzle and is looking for help from Tatum's brother. Tatum and his brother can't help Kaya.
Cris is studying for exams after midnight. Poppy is planning to go to Alex's birthday party. Cris is going to her cousin's party instead.
Christine would like to volunteer at the food bank where Donna volunteer. They will meet there on Wednesday at 7pm.
Ruby has been doing great in the game but is stuck at level 1780 now. He plays it a lot.
Bunny forgot to stock up the office supplies. Two people couldn't come to work. Bunny is going to check on elderly Jim on their way.
Mum reminds Sarah to take an umbrella.
Alan can't join James and Mike for a game because he is studying.
Adam travels to that city very often. It is a great city, barbers and shops are cheap, and his girlfriend's mom cooks for him.
Isa will join Daniel and his friends for tapas at La Caleta. Isa will be there around 5.15.
Alex, Eric and Kathy are meeting tonight at the pub around 8. Kathy may be late and she'll let them know.
Tom will probably see an exhibition from David Hockney if he has time.
Parker and Powell need to wear specific clothes for the engagement party.
Tom's appointment with Pauline is rescheduled from 6:30 to 7:00.
Gabi knows a bit of Hebrew, though her writing isn't great. She will try to help Ollie translate a letter.
Marcia and Blake will go to Phedora's concert on Friday night.
Mia has back pain. She's too busy at the office to go for a short walk. She considers having a massage.
Jake has no money. He wants to buy a gift for Cathy. Tom will lend $50 to Jake.
Fran is waiting for Marie inside. She is coming.
Dakota quite liked 50 shades of Grey. Stephanie is never gonna watch it.
Agnes wants Lucas to take care of her cat. Lucas can't as he is attending a bachelor party at the weekend.
Ivan is afraid he will be in trouble because Charlotte bought drugs from Bill at the party and she overdosed. Ivan and Ted took her to hospital, and they called her parents. The police was there and said they'll investigate it further. Ivan is ready to testify against Bill.
Caro is staying in Warsaw for the weekend, Steph maybe will visit her parents, and Yvette doesn't have any plans.
Luke has lost his headphones.
Donna and Amanda took part in a race. They will do it again next year. Donations are appreciated.
Jade and Oliver will meet at Nostrand Avenue subway station at 1:15 PM.
Gaby had a busy week.
Janet is thinking about working from home after maternity leave. With Nancy, Abi and Kelly, they discuss various pros and cons of telecommuting.
Louisa and Patricia agree that Rick is very nice and cute. Daniela thinks he is old-fashioned and boring.
Randy is interested in buying a stroller from Todd. Randy will come to see it tomorrow, and it will be possible to negotiate the price during the meeting.
Mick charges Pete 165 for the work on Mick's car. Mick will pick it up around 4.
Andrew and Marc will meet at the gym at 3PM. Brian won't come as he's sick today.
Maja shares a video with Jacek and Przemek. It's a video of their favourite Youtuber.
Foster couldn't be there for Ben. Ben understands.
Bonny has seen Sabrina trailers. Lisa must be early at work tomorrow and Brian has an early flight. Lisa and Bonny want to watch Sabrina and have pizza tomorrow at 6 at Bonny's. Lisa will bring red wine.
Lily has lost 10lb but her mom, instead of being supportive and celebrating, awaits another 20lb. Kelly's dad acts similar.
Robbie is leaving tomorrow, he is driving. Theo is giving him the forecast. It's going to be 10 degrees below zero, windy and sunny. Robbie is coming back on Monday.
Peter is not going to the office today. Jeff and Tom are inefficient when they work at home.
Mathéo and Yuri like the new Samsung 10. It takes good pictures. Mathéo wants to replace his Samsung 9 with it. Yuri is not planning on changing his phone.
Natalia doesn't feel like going to the pub today. She will go to the cinema with Moris instead. They'll meet at 8:30 at the Cinematos.
Collins had an audition for the role of scout. Benny makes fun of him.
Angela and Sean are discussing what could be the reason Frank seemed unhappy coming out of the boss's office.
Jesus and Ricardo can dance salsa. Peter was at tje latino club last night. He found it enjoyable.
Jake forgot to get a Valentine's Day gift for Emily.
Agatha rectifies the information given by Rob that everyone who took a sick leave won't get a yearly bonus. In fact, the sick leave cannot exceed 21 days.
Josh has many business trips and he has been to the US twice this week. He comes back on Thursday.
Roger needs to buy a gift for his mum. She's a different type of woman, rides a big bike and likes fixing cars. Roger might buy her a cookbook.
Jane has an exam tomorrow. She can have a girls night out with Kate tomorrow.
Kim, Laura and Bruno are going for a trip tomorrow. They are leaving at 7:30 so they can get there before 12:00. Bruno is still at work. Kim is packing.
Will is going to come to Emma's engagement ceremony.
Mark invites Lucy to join him and 3 other people for a trip to Tatra Mountains. The group is going by car on Friday afternoon. They will probably spend Friday night in Cracow and then head off to the mountains. They will come back on Monday.
Ian and Clarisse will talk tonight about their plans for the long weekend.
Ria is coming to Summer's tomorrow after lunch to bake cookies with her Gran
Katia is contacting some old friends to find out how they are.
Carl and Becky went to Bliss last week and ordered two plates of aubergine with garlic. Carl wants to cook it for Sunday dinner. He googled the recipe.
Lena received Mike's number from Claire. Lena wants to buy her daughter a Welsh Pony. Mike suggests that the horse should be thoroughly examined by a vet first.
Oliver misses Adrianna after he had to move, but Adrianna convinces him that they will see each other soon.
Jared and Gabi are having fun.
Bo hasn't filled the form yet. Jenny's father is waiting.
Eve will come and help Dylan with Excel in an hour or so.
Oscar got sick and wasn't answering Rose's calls. He has to see a doctor, as he has no meds at home.
Diane informs Lola that if she wants to enter she must use the upper lock anticlockwise.
Lucia is changing the job and needs to have her hair cut even though she had it done a week ago. She'll go to Eric to his beauty salon on Friday at 3 p.m.
Miley is planning to open an online shop with her art.
Will and Jane want to meet on Saturday to work on a project that is due next Friday. Will can't get in touch with Sam as he has deleted his Facebook profile. Jane can call Sam about the meeting.
Pete and Sylve are coming to Dad's place at 11. Rachel decides to change her plans for meeting them and drive over to Dad to see them there after 12. Rachel will go shopping on  the way home.
Micah is having problems with getting his monthly tram ticket. Micah will buy it on Thursday near Cole's house after his visit.
Kim moved to a new place. She discusses transport options with Mom. Kim is supposed to get her schedule from school tomorrow. April comes to help Kim organize things.
Melania Trump is a trophy wife and a bad example for girls. Ocasio-Cortez is an exemplary female politician. The Obama Foundation needs money, as they all do, but might be better than the Clinton Foundation.
Greg is on vacation, but the packet with the pain points sheet for the new ERP system will be sent in today's interoffice. Once it arrives, Grace should proceed with the accounting matters.
Laura is excited about changing her job. She will work for a media group.
Lilly has bought a dress for the homecoming.
Jack forgot a beer with Matt and he'll stay with Luise.
Maya's got a dog called Tammi. Seren reckons she's lovely.
Alexander doesn't have hot water. Bart, Alexander's neighbour, tells him to call the maintenance team.
Carol wants the samples immediately.
Joseph is starting the holidays. It's hot in London as well.
Gery wants to go to Wishful Acres brewery this weekend but Chris can't go because of work this week.
Tim has returned from trekking and thanks Bart for pics he sent him from Bulgaria. Tim is going to Canada tomorrow but they they will be in touch next time Tim is close to Wroclaw.
Judy wants to do something crazy. Liam and Tamar exchange ideas.
Sherrie wants Hank to leave a parcel for her with her neighbour, Sandra White, at number 14, around 1 PM.
Jenny will celebrate her finished translation with Jerome.
Melissa is quitting her French course. Her father is unemployed and she has to look for an evening job. Louis will ask his parents for vacancies at their companies.
Terry wants to have some pizza, but Jim and Kate have already eaten one.
George will be late because of the congestion on the road in Austria. There is a lot of snow everywhere. He is close to Kufstein now. Maria will leave a dinner for George.
Will works in a coffee house today, because when he stays at home he can't focus. Jenny and Grace are working in the office.
Tom found a photo of his awarded grandpa who died in Vietnam and wants to use it for the family history project.
Donald will drop by Adam's place later to pick up his copy of Delgado's book.
Dara has a rash. Ria took her to the doctor. There were three children waiting, nonetheless they were called in before their scheduled appointment time. The doctor gave them some cream.
Todd's already gone home.
The meeting is at 9 pm at Green Cafe Nero.
Sophie's bachelorette party is in a month. They have booked the club. Charlotte will create a FB group for all the invitees and organizers and they will brainstorm there.
Yuri wants to quit gaming and focus more on work so he refuses to try "Red Dead Redemption 2".
Sylvia is not fond of Arbonne cosmetics direct selling because she prefers to touch and see the product before she buys it.
Paulina and Alicja are planning the New Year's Eve. Filip has to work, so they have to stay there. They will spend the evening together.
Brenda fell in the bathroom and badly hit her site. She is now in bed with a lot of pains. She can't take a deep breath. Her brother, Andy, is afraid she damaged something inside her body and tells her to watch it. He wants her to call him in the morning to report how she feels.
Tommy likes Sheila and he wonders if Stanley is hitting on her. Elsie thinks Sheila likes Tommy too. Tommy is going to ask Sheila out.
Kirk is really into Sandra. He asked her out but she refused.
Julian works as a security guard on nights and weekend and is going to Manchester tonight. Julian will sleep in the weekend. Emma will study. Emma's dad's birthday is tomorrow and she will make a banana fudge cake for the occasion.
Pamela's dad had to explain to the police that he is not a part of Jack's swindle. Jack is his employee who had been previously imprisoned for fraud.
Neevah wants to borrow Issac DSLR camera this week for a family function. Neevah gave her camera to Ethan. She is unable to call him because his number is closed. Neevah's younger brother will pick up the camera from Issac in an hour.
Stephen didn't ask Liz out because he thinks she doesn't like him so much. Paul thinks she does.
Jon will probably go with aunt Shayla on the 20th Dec. Dad wants Jon to book the flights asap. Jon won't be bringing Shyann as she is going to her parents for Christmas.
Tony and Carol are sometimes too loud at the office.
It's Gina's birthday. She's travelling to Jamaica today.
Charity advises Teresa to wear red lipstick for the gala.
Lars is busy and can't talk with Derek.
This year Jody is volunteering for the Make-A-Wish foundation, which helps sick children fulfil their dreams.
Francis and Lara are against cheating as they can manage to learn material from two chapters.
Renata, Vera, Oscar and Charlie are procrastinating instead of writing their BA theses.
Tonya, Melissa, Chloe, and Tony are gossiping about Trevor. Melissa finds Trevor hot. Chloe remembers Trevor is bisexual. Tonya doesn't think love is about sex.
Zoe is trying to connect to Wifi.
Andrea switched on the heating. Peter is surprised.
Lizzy had a car crash last Friday after her meeting with Mandy and Jane. She broke an arm and a leg, and she's in hospital. Mandy and Jane will visit her today. They'll bring some gifts.
Maya will call to find out if the classes take place this week.
Sara's blonde and she thinks that people don't take her seriously because of that. She wants to paint her hair black for a change this time.
Wayne and Fiona don't need milk. Fiona wants some wine.
James is not satisfied with his Spanish lessons. Sophia recommends a website on which he can find native speakers and converse with them online. James will have a look.
The team is playing very bad. Bill stopped watching after the first half, Lucy is still watching.
Kyle sent Scott a gift on his birthday via DHL. Kyle was dismissed from his previous work, but he has a new job already.
Mrs Richardson is leaving Bradly High next month.
Bridgette feels ill and is throwing up. The condition might last 3-4 days. Bridgette also got her period.
Sarah is pregnant.
Kimi and Jess are going to the beach tomorrow. They will meet at Gare d'Antibes at 14:00.
Jessica and Rachel will go to the movies with Samantha and Jonny tonight at about 8.
Charlotte has watched the new episode of the tv show.
S's dad is taking him to Spain at Christmas. Chris has already booked a childminder and made plans so is angry about it. Chris tried to talk to him with no success. Kas is sorry for Chris.
Oliver, Sid and Victor saw him starting a fight in the cafeteria. Mr. Black came and dragged him out.
There is a puppy at the property and Smith wants Kowalsky to notify the authorities about it.
Hillary needn't have waited for the other package, because there was only one coming in.
Paul is sure that Arsenal will win the Europa League this time. Martin mocks Paul as the team Martin supports plays in Champions League. Paul is irritated. Martin ends the quarrel by suggesting to wait and see what happens.
Someone stole Teddy's bike. He's had 3 bikes stolen since he moved to Cambridge.
Leo and Padre are exchanging greetings and Christmas wishes.
Kevin booked a flight. He will meet the King whom he already had met twice.
Tony will come over for dinner tonight.
Joe and Mia are going to Thailand in October. Joe booked a hostel in Bangkok. Mia hates the idea of living in a hostel. They are going to talk about it tonight.
They indulge in politically incorrect jokes about the CEMS students, who are socially awkward, and Indians.
Leo fed Spot and took him for a walk. Leo is worried about Spot as he saw some red spots on his ears. Donna has made a vet's appointment on Wednesday with Mr Jensen. Leo doesn't like him but they had no choice at such short notice.
Rachel and Natasha will meet at a party tonight.
Jason likes the shoes that Alex bought today.
Helen went to London to meet with some friends from Spain. One of them had 40th birthday, so her boyfriend prepared a surprise trip. Macy is about to reserve a table in a restaurant.
Brigitte and Connie are going to move a heavy stone from Brigitte's garden to Rita's new flat. Connie will come to Brigitte's house after 10 am.
Albert and Leo are going to a stand-up show they saw on Facebook.
Nina is angry at Finn because he kept her waiting. Finn had a phone call with Jacob. Finn and Nina will talk when they meet. Nina will return Finn's jacket.
Dinner will be at 6.
Regis is shocked because someone lied to him. Harold is not.
Willy compares a dub-step song he got from Fred to robots having sex and makes Fred laugh.
Gemma invited Tucker to go to a new Italian restaurant.
There is no homework for tomorrow.
Kenneth is taking a self-defense class. He will email Paul more info and Paul will let him know later this week if he will join him.
Mel is unsure about going on her ex's wedding. Becky supports her. Mel will let her know by the weekend.
Mario and Esther wonder how their uncle is doing.
Rick has prepared his telescope for the lunar eclipse. Kate will come over at 7 so they can eat before.
Steve has forgotten that tomorrow is a public holiday. Jonathan suggests Steve's judgement is temporarily impaired. Steve took some tequila on his way home.
Dan will visit Ellie at 2 tomorrow to play on her new Xbox.
Ben, Mark and Alice will meet at 8.
Jeff is going for an exchange to Gwynedd in Wales this year. A friend of James was there and he really liked it.
Kaleigh sent it and is waiting for feedback.
Gemma, Jennifer, Claire and Tracy love Beth's new nails from Ali Nail Art.
Sam and Jeremy's flight is tomorrow at 9:25 am. Sam's suitcase is 56x36x21 cm in size.
Brenda is planning to throw a surprise party for her brother. His girlfriend Aida will take care of inviting the guests. They will share the credit for organizing the party.
Pauline and Stanley are going to the movies tonight. She is excited about eating popcorn, while Stanley loves nachos with cheese sauce.
Harold will bring beers for Aaron and Andrew in 5 minutes.
Roy and Gavin will go to the concert of the new band they listen to.
70 people were killed in Paris. Sarah lives in Paris. Thomas went on a trip to Normandy.
Steve, Paul and Luke have all seen the film 'Clergy'. It was not as shocking as they'd thought.
James is thinking about buying a small, fair brown puppy. Lily will help him to choose. They are going to meet tomorrow at 10 o'clock to drink coffee and talk about details.
Dana had a failed IVF and doesn't want to talk to anyone, she is depressed. Dana's sister is pregnant again. Cristina said it was Dana and Harry's third, and last attempt. Beth said that it's especially hard for Dana since she's a control freak.
Hanna's mobile is not in perfect state and she wants a new one.
Jan cheated on Maria with Ava.
Graham is doing good.
Karen has lots to do. She doesn't have time for watching Riverdale series, so she's in the middle of the last season.
Jada just saw her ex-boyfriend. She wants to go on a diet.
Robert will meet Paula in New York on Wednesday the 7th, at 5 pm. Paula will be staying at Intercontinental Times Square and Robert will send a car for her.
Mark is an idiot.
Henry is down. Dick and Carl cheer him up.
Rachel left the key under the flowerpot. She told James to keep it.
Sam will borrow Guy the Witcher books.
The skating rink hours have been posted on Facebook. Hannah is going to the gym tomorrow afternoon and has classes on Friday so she can't skate then. She will skate with Daniel on Saturday.
Dominic and Brian are going to meet later than planned because Dominic has to do overtime at work.
Margot and Adele are strongly annoyed by Nel's activity on Facebook.
Teddy has received a gift card from Mike.
Victoria can't go to a ballet with Scarlet as she's having a dinner with Peter's friends. Victoria will probably talk to Peter about his behavior. Scarlet doesn't want her to give up easily but just be clear.
Riley has found the dress Adie wants at another store where it's on sale. It costs 350, which is half of the original price. Riley will buy it for Adie. Adie wears medium size.
Linh has just returned from the festival in San Sebastian, where she was interpreting for Chinese celebrities. She even appeared on Chinese TV. Juan got a new bike which he's fond of.
Robert won't teach Anita's old student Swedish, because he has no time. Anita will ask Percy if he could.
Ollie and Kyle are angry, because their team lost the match.
Austin made his first slow cooker dish. Ruth and Hailey joke about too much soy sauce added.
Thomas, Fred and Lee are playing football at the bottom of the street near Bella's place. Fred and Thomas have trouble answering their phones. Bella will send Fred home by 6 and will text Richard, when Fred is setting off.
Roberta is going to a protest. Paloma also wanted to go so she will join Roberta and some friends at Roberta's place in half an hour. Ellen is too tired and will stay home.
Arlo and Jack sold some youngsters the car 2 weeks ago.
Betsy wants to buy a birthday present for Liz.
Isabella has changed her hair color. Evan likes it.
Eric is starving. He's waiting outside because Ava is in the bathroom and cannot open the door. Ava has bread and peanut butter.
Peter and John will try out "The House of Yes" tonight. The club is near Peter's place and the entrance costs between $20 and $25.
Susie is taking a break in 5 after she's done with the report. Ellen wants to get some coffee with Susie.
Jerry wants to borrow a bicycle for a weekend for his cousin. Charlotte and Amanda offer their bikes. Jerry will take Amanda's.
Eva is chilling while Kevin has a lot of work to do.
Rushanara will arrive at 21:20. Mirco will pick her up from the station.
Morgan is leaving for work at a library. She starts at noon and she likes the job.
Grant and Sue are unhappy about the president. Sue also learned form a news article that Romaine lettuce is bad for your health.
Barbie got an A in Biology.
Cleo will start watching "Suits" on their recommendation.
Bethany loves the song sent by Hannah. Olivia reminds to pack a toothbrush.
Penny is seeing someone else. Leonardo thought they were a couple but Penny didn't. Next time Leonardo will ask Penny questions instead of assuming things.
It takes up to 25 minutes to cook brown rice and 10 to cook white rice. For her meal, Maryann will have some rice with vegetables and a scrambled egg.
Violet is tired of Tom's laziness but still loves him. Tom has decided not to do some of his chores.
Rita is having test in English grammar tomorrow.
Both James and Mike are tired after the trip. They agree to stay in and meet tomorrow.
Henry will borrow the book when Andrew is done reading.
Amy's brother hasn't returned the car yet, so Amy and Bob are worried that something bad happened to him. Bob will give Amy a ride to school in one hour.
Mason and Victor are meeting tomorrow at 5.
Franklin did 4 bungee jumps 2 years ago. Jessie doesn't do crazy things.
Corinne will meet Ethan at his place at 9 pm today and they will wait for Charlie to join. Benny and George might also come over. Corinne will buy the glasses this afternoon at Ikea.
Team_V wants Katia to join their organisation which sells jewellery to raise awareness regarding animal agriculture. Katia is interested in being a brand representative for Team_V. Team_V will send Katia more information.
Harry will be late half an hour for the meeting with Gina.
George shares some funny stuff with Pete and Matt. He was just checking something in a dictionary.
The storm is so bad that the trees are down and the transfer is impossible. It should last 3 days so Dave still plans to visit Harris next week.
Bernard tells Kitty about his laundry routine.
Mike's going to get some eggs, bread, fruit and juice on his way home. Orange juice is Sam's favourite.
Paul will not accompany Owen to the Phil Collins concert.
Tori went for a date. She didn't like it, because she found the guy boring. She's going to meet with Katie this weekend.
Sara picked something she considers nicer than the other options. Lydia doesn't agree.
Kinsley's neighbors are causing a disturbance at night.
Ruby wants to borrow Joy's suitcase for the next week. Joy can't lend it, because she needs it then.
Ted will see Jack at the gym.
Sina will come to John's presentation tomorrow. George won't be there, as he's flying to Vienna.
Jo is a bit overwhelmed with planning the wedding. Finn will take over some of the stuff for a while.
Erik's car broke down and Chris helped him to tow it to the parking lot. The car's 13 or 14 years old and Rory claims that fixing it may be more expensive than a new car. Rory agrees to come and see the car on Sunday anyway.
Tracy, Bob and Dominic came back from Madagascar last Monday. Marsha, impressed by their insta stories, wants to visit Madagascar too.
Eric got his medical test results. He needs to be hospitalized immediately because of extreme levels of uric acid.
Tom needs two days off because he's going to Manchester to see a football game. Andrew is angry because he wanted to take a few days off at the same time. He has an important exam and he needs to go home.
Melinda wants Cathy and Lewis to meet her and her husband for dinner on Thursday night. The two couples had met at Jack's birthday party, where Melinda's husband was wearing a Superman shirt and she was always correcting him. Lewis doesn't want to meet them and prefers dinner with Cathy only.
Adam isn't on tour this time, he taught a bit here and there. Jenna's taking part in a competition with her friends and she has to get the score. There's Rachmaninov, Poulenc, Whitacre and Zielenski.
Dorothy and Caroline are gossiping about George and Jane splitting up. George looked through Jane's messages. They have been together for 7 years.
Gavin and Trinity went out for a beer today.
Terry and Jody will go to Orly. Jody will drive only up to a certain point, he is afraid to drive in the city. Terry will take over from him when they reach the city. Terry has never caused a car accident.
Emily enjoyed a book that she got from Martha. Martha loves it too and thinks the author's a genius.
Henry has to cancel his meeting with Libby as he has the flu.
Madeline won a few hundred euros at EuroJackpot. She and Ava will eat at an elegant restaurant at 6 to celebrate it.
Matt will join Toby to play Diablo. Matt got to 34 level. Toby switched to master difficulty.
Eugene is choosing a Christmas tree, Amber is helping with that over the messenger.
Mike didn't find any good photos. Scott will check if he has any. Mike is angry with Dan. Dan hasn't visited Mike since Mike moved in. Mike will see Scott on Wednesday.
Philip is hitting on Mary. She is confused. When he sends her an improper photo, she leaves the conversation.
Kate is looking into organising a trip in the weekend of the bachelor's party. July is not possible so she will check early August.
Erik and Sam are going for a drink and to the cinema on Saturday, they will invite Troy and James as well. Sam will bring the book for Erik.
Tim and Joe wish happy new year to each other and hope it will be better than 2018.
Maria has met a guy shorter than her.
Eva needs to buy a couple of things but she's not sure what she really likes. Kim suggests going through some magazines. Kim, Eva and Beth will go shopping together.
Sandra and Greg won't meet today as Greg needs to get up early tomorrow, so they'll meet on Thursday instead.
Kim has reminded Frank about Black Friday. She has switched to using PlayStation.
Jackie is getting married. Marisol, Carlita and Eunica are excited. Carlita is in Canada in June. Eunica doesn't like weddings but she will come.
George is explaining to Bart how he can use his mobile instead of a paper ticket to get on a plane.
Jo wanted to buy a silky blouse, but Jane already ordered clothes yesterday. Jo will borrow Jane's grey suit for this weekend, she'll try it on tomorrow.
Marilyn needs sad and moving music for her presentation with photos of shelter dogs, she has taken. Marylin hopes more dogs will get adopted this way. Annabel already has a dog and can't adopt another. Suzy and Annabel send Marilyn links to sad songs.
Pamela asks Karin to tell Sam to check her phone.
Abigail recommends Natalie the book she is currently reading. Natalie expresses interest in the subject.
There are no updates from hotel on Maledives. Jane does not expect to get any update before 2/3 Jan. Sue and Jane applied for a job at the hotel, They will have less than 2 weeks to prepare if they get accepted.
Henry is shopping for a shirt and asks Grace for advice. She likes the pink shirt more than the green one. Grace has a dance class in 10 minutes.
Rory is looking for a Swedish-speaking translator for a website. He will email Jon the details tomorrow morning.
Nicole is on her way. She needs to hurry up, as the film is going to start soon.
Tim is misspelling Payne's name. He calls Payne "pain". Tim says he wants relief.
Michelle graduated today. She will celebrate after sorting out some issues with her apartment.
Carrie went to blues dance class during the weekend.
Andrea's collecting money for Leslie's birthday present. She's going to buy her a book collection. Keith will fight Leslie as part of the party only  if he knows the plan.
Anne had a nice day. After school, she went out with Mary and Theresa to a coffee shop. Jason is busy and doesn't want to talk to Anne.
Martha and Joshua love each other.
Maria and Tobias have to go to Ben's party next week to avoid problems with him.
There has been an accident at the crossing near the school but nobody got hurt. Curtis and Brian think something should be done about it.
Sarah will pick up Amy today instead of Martin.  He's picking her up tomorrow.
Jennifer loves this cover. Alexandra finds it a bit strange.
Wendy has serious liver cancer. Wendy started feeling bad in September last year. She's in the hospital now and is not in pain. She has a few weeks to live. Many people help Carl and Wendy in this situation. Kevin and Bernadette will visit Wendy tomorrow
Miranda enjoyed watching Green Book and that was the only oscar movie she saw. Philip does not watch the oscars and Miranda never watches it, only some higlights later. Philip and Miranda will go to see Bohemian Rhapsody on Friday night. On Saturday Miranda goes to the wedding.
Wolf and Dias are going to spend 3 nights at an accommodation which is nice, cheap and includes free airport transfer.
Susan and Angie are meeting around 7:15. They will go to the Pacific bar then watch a movie.
Alex dislikes his boss' new lamp and finds her style ugly. Mary saw Alex's boss on TV and she criticizes her make up as well as her hair color.
Air quality in this town is bad.
Marie doesn't like him because his smile is weird. Tawny claims that Marie's behaviour is stupid.
Danny stayed at Leon's place Casa Leo in Cuba. Both wrote positive reviews of the stay on airbnb. In Trinidad Danny decided to stay in Las Cuevas, a state-run hotel. It was comfortable, but a bit expensive.
A new GoT trailer just came out today. Abbott is at work. It will be a few months before GoT is released.
Jenny is not sure whether to go out with a boy she is texting all the time. Jasmine tells her to do it.
John wants to collect his bag from Amanda's place.
Abigail lost her keys so Joanne will lend her hers at 7, when she will get back home.
Nicole went to Kate and Jackson's place tonight and brought a salad. They all had a good time.
Hayden will buy tickets for the football game for himself, Lori and Andrea. Hayden and Lori will wear their jerseys. Pepper distroyed Lori's old jersey.
He is funny and should try in Got Talent.
Tim walked by Dave's house. Dave made Sean a cardboard bus. Bella didn't attend the party. Tim and Dave will catch up soon.
Alex, Mindy and Greg will focus on inequality for their referrals next week and they will work on articles from the last 3 months.
Bodyguard got nominated for a Golden Globe. Anna and Heidi hope for another season and hope the series will win.
Unfortunately for Louise, the woman Brian saw is not ugly.
The lawyer told Greta yesterday that her case would be complicated but possible. She will have to pay, but does not know how much yet.
Maria suggests that Denis take a shower to fight his sleepiness. They have a presentation tomorrow.
Makayla has a discount for yoga and meditation classes and she invites Stella to sign up. Stella can't go, because she hasn't recovered from her back injury yet.
Monique is collecting student IDs but Gloria won't be at the uni tomorrow. Gloria can't deliver it either. Monique will let them know that Gloria is sick. Monique reckons they will have to collect IDs later as there are more people absent. Monique hasn't done her homework yet.
Dean will print out Sasha's essay in the library for her to hand it in to professor Dickins.
Last night in the club Sang drank a lot, he was dancing with a hot girl and taking many pictures. After two bottles of vodka, he locked himself up in a ladies toilet with a girl. As he wouldn't open the door, the security broke in. The girl was on drugs. Sang's friends sent him home by taxi.
Manuel books the flat from the 12th to 19th of July. He will arrive with his wife.
Matthew believes marijuana is unsfae, while Rick only knows the positive sides to it.
Jacob misses his father.
Emily's evening dress is 75% ready, but she's not sure whether the fabric isn't too heavy. However, she'll probably wear it.
Cindy is coming to Mona.
Paul and Bert do not want Jess to leave their team. They want to find a solution to keep all favorite players together.
Carol is busy, so she cannot talk to George at the moment; however, she will call him later.
Lara and Owen will watch the new James Bond movie. Owen is booking the tickets.
Esme and Richard will have a yoga session at the park. Esme will download an intermediate class on her laptop.
Pearl - Stephen's aunt - is in Spain and enjoys it a lot. Pearl has a new partner named Vince. Vince comes to Spain every year like Pearl. Stephen's grandmother disapproves of Pearl's lifestyle. Pearl and Stephen will see each other at Christmas.
Edna and Valentina are talking about the car chase they are both watching in TV at the moment.
Arlene loves Ryan and she misses him. Ryan loves Arlene.
Noah has to work and can't go with them today. He will let Alexa know if he will be joining them tomorrow. Alexa has to return on Sunday at 8 am but Olivia and Patrick could stay behind with Noah.
Ginger invited Patricia for Pappardelle with Sea Urchin and Cauliflower. Patricia is getting an Uber.
Xena will help Devon do her dress.
Adam is looking for good kitchen shelves. Alex recommends IKEA or a colonian store on 5th, which has pretty but expensive products.
Zoe was not able to make it to her first date with Ben because she had an important meeting. They will meet tomorrow the same time. Ben will pay for everything when they meet. He is impatient to meet Zoe.
Aaron Waxman is a law firm working on denied disability claims. Molly hasn't filed her claim yet as she is still paid from the insurance. She's not going back to work yet.
Philip's father seems cool to strangers, but at home beats his wife badly. Philip needs to seek help, he's thinking of talking to a school councillor.
Dave has sent Spud a video with bugs in sweets.
Kim, Simon and Jackie will meet at the gate. Kim wants to look at the shops.
Jacob consults his daughter Olivia about a dryer for Olivia's mum. He also reminds her to call grandpa on his birthday.
Suzie may give Kim a hyacinth for her birthday.
Jenniffer and Louise are going to go shopping, have ice cream and drinks on Saturday. They will ask Tommy and Mark to hang out together in the evening.
Joan sent Becky a template of the evaluation set for tomorrow.
Kyle will be in town next week and he wants to meet Callum. They are meeting for lunch at the Royal at 12:30 pm. Callum wants to try out Kyle's Land Rover that he intended to sell and possibly buy it from him. They will discuss the transaction over lunch.
Tom suffers from jet lag.
Warren, Mattia and Hank comment on the game and players De Rossi, Zuccarini and Baldarelli.
Erick has a surprise for Tracy and Jonathan.
Maisie will see Rick after work.
Lisa and Arlene haven't submitted the report yet.
Jasna paid 400 euro for holiday in Pefkohori in June.
Matt is working at the shop and Jodi is trying to watch TV, but it's not working. Matt suggests she changes the batteries in the remote and it works.
Joe will pick Caroline and Cathy up in 20 minutes.
Jensen, Erik, Dylan and Isho need 3 more wins to play in the final.
Karen and Jerry can't come tonight. Martha will buy one ticket from her and Gabe's cousin will buy the other one.
Amanda is going out on a date and needs some advice from Pam as she is shy. Pam gives her conversation topic ideas and advises Amanda about a response to a potential invitation for a next meeting.
Molly and Derek are going to the lake with Peter and Kristina.
Suzanne and Rosanne noticed they use the same actors for different roles on Friends and Gilmore Girls.
Josh has no plans for New Year's Eve yet, but doesn't want to party with Hannah. Hannah is going to invite people from her high school.
Carol and Jacob want to check out the new VR place. They have the newest Oculus Rift and a lot of games. There's even a game where you can shoot orcs with arrows. The place costs 10 quid for 15 minutes. Harry is invited.
Nobody's in town today. Matthew's with his family for the weekend and Patrick is coming back tomorrow.
Keano will borrow an egg from Kate.
Dakota has a spicy sauce and Alaia advises her to share it with her dad. Dakota's mum is a little bit ill. Alaia sent Dakota a hilarious video that she was talking about.
Burek bit Poppa's shoes. Hemulen hid Fillyjonk's shoes from the dog.
Jordan invites Ernest to watch a match tomorrow at 8, England vs. France.
James wants to borrow some money from Cole. Cole has no money.
James is busy and will talk to William later.
Natalie left for her Erasmus in 2013.
Bonny is waiting for her mother. She's running late, because the road is congested.
Cassie was on a date at new italian restaurant downtown. She was given flowers but she didn't kiss. Cassie is very thrilled and will go for a second date next Saturday.
Oscar, James and William will see Blade Runner 2 tonight. They will meet at 7:30. They will drink beer.
Tom's flat in Paris is dreadful. There are cockroaches in it. He's been looking for a different flat since he arrived, but he doesn't have too much money. Martha and Peter offered him some help.
Erica hasn't seen Ghostbusters. James should lend her his DVD. He used to have both parts but lent II to Don. Bill Murray has tours with live readings and classical music. He was in Pittsburgh in April, but James and Harold missed him. Dan Akroyd is engaged in Crystal Head Vodka and House of Blues.
Gina has enough commissions to keep herself busy and they bring her enough money. Mash works about 12-15 hours per week, which also works for him. The ALTA journal is still going strong. The last time Mash saw Rose was in November at Michael's birthday party. Rose is about his age and retired now.
James and Frank are together. Rita will be surprised.
Anna will buy some toilet paper.
Eva is picking Darren up in 15 min to grab something to eat.
There's a thick fog today. Marry is worried about Ben driving, but he will drive anyway. Ben will let Marry know when he gets there.
It took Laura 7 years to get pregnant with Gabriel.
Leo is going to China and needs to borrow a kindle or iPad to read during the long flight. Jack will lend Leo his kindle.
Tom is seeing Victor to get the keys to the apartment but has to call him first.
Victor and Stephanie will see Captain Marvel together when it comes out.
Gloria had an abortion. Macarena saw a guy that made her pregnant in a club yesterday.
Kela wishes Cher a happy birthday and sends her some photos.
Harry is going to a conference tomorrow. Samuel persuades him to prepare some notes.
Clem will talk to Jim and ask Lisa to send an email to everyone. Maria will talk to Antonio and empty the dining room so that they can do it at home.
Lunchbox recipe that Greg recommends is waffles or pancakes with fresh fruit, pasta, broccoli and baby tomatoes. For Beth it is quesadillas, salad, hummus with vegetables and for Bob dried fruit, nuts and muffins. Sarah is impressed with the number of recipes she was provided with.
Olivia's new phone is broken. It's Samsung Note 8 bought from Ethan's shop. Olivia will have the phone delivered to Jayden. He will have it repaired.
Tim lives in Spain. He will probably come to his hometown the last week of May or the first week of June. He wants to throw a party. In order to do that he will set up the event on Facebook and make a group chat.
Kate and Will watched the ski jumping this weekend. Dennis didn't. Kobayashi, a 22-year-old guy will win the cup.
Jeremy recommends Le Pain Quotidien in Antwerp to Natalie to have breakfast.
Amari will play rugby and cricket and Lilah will play carom at the sports festival at weekend.
Clark and Matt are sharing their opinion about the Thor movie.
Jeff, Teresa, Molly, Amanda and Toby will go to a bar named Cockroach.
Joseph has just bought his first guitar. It cost 4.5k. He'll bring it to practice today.
Jenny, Lisa and Marie will go to a club on New Yearâ€™s Eve. Jenny finds it hard to convince Steve. Marie will get the tickets.
June regrets not going to the party. The party was at Luke's house but he slept through it. Chris wants to go home but doesn't know his location. June recommends checking the map.
Fiona wants to paint her room and asks Larry for help. He'll help her buy paint when she decides on the colour.
Ginny and Andrew are doing fine.
Kinga wants to go for lunch with Ariana in an hour. Ariana is starving though, so she will go for lunch right now.
Courtney and Kim are bored and want some entertainment. They are going to meet at a karaoke place which opens at 8 pm. Courtney will send Kim the address.
Simon buys water bottled in glass called Pierrot. He tries to reduce plastic in his house.
Robert is feeling unwell after trying feta cheese for the first time.
Mike and Mia will visit San Marino.
Layla has a runny nose and a sore throat. Daniel will bring her some cookies.
Jane's coming. Peter's waiting for Tom. Tina's calling an uber. Girls will go alone, because Peter lost Tom.
Kelly is looking for healthy dessert ideas for kids. She should try homemade muffins, banana ice cream, fruit juice jelly, dried fruit, kale+banana smoothie, yoghurt and fresh fruit, dark chocolate, pancakes with maple syrup and fresh fruit.
Marie recommended Laura a blog with romantic places and sent a file to show Laura where they was. Laura liked the place, where Marie was. The place is expensive, but it offers beautiful landscapes, delicious breakfast and no wi-fi connection.
Mike, Jack and Robert are turning 30 this year. Robert is happy with his life. Jack is a programmer. Mike hasn't finished high school.
Ann's parents found a two-year-old dirty dog next to the market and she named it Tricky. Tom suggested to put the dog's photo on the Internet to inform its owner. Ann refused. Tom promissed to bring some toys to Tricky from Rocky.
Melissa is going to James'. Carl wants Melissa to bring her new friend.
Larry's papers didn't turn up, so Jon went to the shop and discovered the express hasn't been delivered yet.
Salma and Cain need help with tomorrow's statics lecture. They will go to Ethan's to get their classmate to help them.
Alex has been staying at Sam's until he finds a new place. Jessy wants to come over but Alex has to ask Sam first. Alex is stubborn and keeps insisting.
Jack wants to hang out with Martha tomorrow, but she has a dentist appointment. He suspects she might be avoiding him.
Rachel has just made and apple pie. Judith and Sarah are coming over to Rachel.
Brooklyn's Finest is airing on channel 4 today.
Tony's husband is back home after doing the biopsy. They will contact the urologist in 10 days. Tony says that it's too early for alternative therapies. His husband will have eyes surgery.
Kotten ate the pizza Alisha made and found it delicious.
Adele has scored 168 points, which is the best result. Eve has not passed.
Alina will go to the opening of the new theatre in representation of the company. They have worked very hard because the theatre had to open before the upcoming election.
Jane will let Lucy borrow her blue shirt for the bank dinner.
Mike works tomorrow till 22. Vicki will come over after she checks in after 7:45 when her train comes. She will see Jes on Sunday and leave on the overnight train to Prague.
Sophie has not seen Martha in the office today. Freddie needs to talk to Martha.
Reeve is planning a weekend trip with Jule, but he doesn't have much money. Joy, Byrd and Hayes are giving Reeve their recommendations.
Clay is sorry that he behaved terribly. He sent some money to Rita that thinks his behaviour was a natural yet stupid human reaction. Clay feels bad he lied to her.
Lucy is suffering from some side effects of a drug she's taking. Michael suggests she talks to her doctor about changing the drug and reporting the adverse effects to the pharmaceutical company.
Joseph went tp Rome and shares details of the trip with Joey, Joseph liked Italian girls, but only got some phone numbers so they agree they go there together the next time.
As suggested by Rick, John will watch the new season of Narcos. He doesn't want to watch Sabrina suggested by Rosa.
Molly won't tell Sam the PIN to her card.
Zayn's leg is better. He is just bored, because he can't move with the cast. Melissa will drop by with some food.
Josh has a meeting with Mr Dupont on Tuesday morning. He was supposed to help Miss Black with a charity work, but she won't be available for the next weeks due to a family emergency.
Josh advises Sue not to go out if she doesn't have to as it's cold and wet outside.
Patrick, Joe and Philip met a Philips' and next time they will meet at Patrick's place.
Pricilla, Peggy and Trisha are angry because Ian changed the date of their classes for Thursday. Trisha and Peggy are not going there on Thursday.
Tamar met with Kelly yesterday. Rachel is going to see Kelly on Saturday. Kelly was married and had a successful life in a big city but she moved.
Abigail's mother gave her a haircut. Ethan likes it.
Bryson's got a letter telling him he's won a scholarship.
Rose's baby has a small fever. Alice advised her to put him into cold water.
Victoria wants to be with Alex. She was stalking Brenda yesterday. She is jealous of her. If Victoria doesn't stay away from Alex and Brenda, Alex will inform authorities.
Will is going to meet with Emma when he recovers from depression. It is Will's birthday today.
Noah asked Maddison to pick up the kids because he has to stay longer at work.
Simon needs cash as fast as possible. Jacob and Joanne transfered him 50 euro each for the apartament. Joanne also paid another 50 for Chris's part.
Paul is high. David will come in 30 minutes. Paul asked David to bring some rolling papers.
Amelia admires Chloe's style and asks her what she should do about her style to resemble Chloe's. Chloe recommends starting a Pinterest account.
Bethany deletes a pending post as Sara advises. Sara considers the post an ad. Bethany sends a message to the author of the post about the deletion.
Gustav was exhausted and slept a lot. Lilly slept 12 hours.
Daniel's looking for his coat that he lost last night while being drunk. Tom possesses the coat but threatens to vomit on it as the payback for Daniel's vominting in his car.
Henry will call Phil at 3pm.
Matija is in his bed on Friday nights. Tomorrow he is cleaning the apartment and afterwards they are going to the restaurant to have a lesson at 4 and meet that bartender at 6. Sandra is going to a Nature Park for one day. She wanted to go there for a long time.
Bruce invites Julia, Marie and Tom to come over. He brought food from his parents. His mother is from Bearus. Marie wants to practice her Russian with her.
Daniel picks up Frank and Lexie's mom will drop off Lexie.
Charlie broke his arm. Henry and Victoria went to the hospital. The fracture isn't severe.
Maggie is stressing out as she can't find a job. Chase experienced the same thing a year ago. Maggie's birthday is next week, but Chase lives across the ocean.
Matt and David love each other.
Patrick suggests going to Cap Haitien for the weekend with Amanda and Pearl. They don't have a car, but there's a bus.
Lila was invited to a party celebrating the season finale of a TV show but she forgot about it.
Timothy doesn't have good news for Helen and Cecilia.
Linda needs a haircut. Wanda has a good hairdresser, but he's very busy. She gives Linda his number.
Bobby gives Henry the entrance code but it's invalid. This is due to today's reseting the system but Henry can still contact the administration.
They give Victoria advice on what to play with her infant. They encourage messy play because children like it.
Tracy will buy Chinese or Thai food at the mall.
Sandy prepared a chicken. Ben is coming.
Sanjev will be late for the meeting. He tells Mark about his idea to put decals on their machines. Mark is unsure about it but they will discuss it in private.
Sam has brand new baby clothes for sale. Kelly will ask her sister. Donna will drop by with her friend later this afternoon.
Billy is writing his thesis. Troy proposes controversial topic concerning Avengers. Billy doesn't approve of that idea, because his girlfriend is a feminist.
Karen forgot the key to the office. Mary will be there soon to let her in.
As Amber made Johnny's favourite food, he will make it home around 5 instead of 5.30.
Fred's cake is ready. He cannot pick it up on Friday so he will do it on Saturday. The place is open until midday on Friday and Saturday.
Ben just got a new pad.
David doesn't like the idea of the "quarter-life crisis" Muhammad shares with him.
Ava is in town for the weekend and wants to go for a walk with Taylor. Ava and Taylor will meet downtown tomorrow afternoon.
Sam will let Andy know if he needs some help.
Fred is heading to meet Gwen.
Bryan is fed up with everyone worrying about him and wants to be left alone.
Henry asks Lydia and Peter if he can post their photographs from Vivian's party. Lydia doesn't want one photograph to be posted. Peter is fine with all photos. Henry needs to ask everyone that are in the photos.
They are going to meet next Saturday around 8.
Logan has one more meeting at 2 pm. Chad and Logan are both tired and will spend their day in beds.
Charity and Briar will take Edric's tickets for hoops game tomorrow as he can't go.
Harry thinks Brexit was not necessary. The guy who came up with this idea resigned from his position. People who have stayed in GB for more than 5 years will be able to stay. The fate of those with less than 5 years is uncertain. Harry and Henry think they will be deported.
Martin left in the middle of a presentation because dad had been taken to hospital. Luckily, it was nothing serious.
Bill and Thomas want to give Anne a present and they are looking for ideas together. Because perfumes are expensive, Bill will go to the Anne's favourite clothes shop. Bill will let Thomas know about the price, so they can share it.
Ann and Kate will not go out together tonight because Kate feels sick.
Manchester United played poorly and lost against Valencia. They are playing against Liverpool on Sunday.
Tess and Nicole like having coffee in cafes while looking out of the window.
Szymon is annoyed at road event. He enjoys playing the game when there is less monsters to handle.
Goran is coming to the UK by train next month and Mark's going to meet him at Victoria's station.
Tony bought a lot of stuff on Black Friday. Ruby bought 2 pairs of jeans, 1 pair of sneakers, a smartwatch and a laptop. She got 70% off of each item.
Nancy is sending over Mary's invitation to Lexie as she needs to check something.
Pete will buy a birthday present for Paula. She wants something fun or sparkly, preferably from Sephora or Zara.
Molly's going shopping with Jenna.
Ida sends Nel a recipe for chicken.
Stef's cousin is looking for information about cef. Nat doesn't find it very interesting or effective, but lets Stef give her phone number to the cousin. Stef's kids are travelling a lot, one is in Mexico, one in Canada, and another one in France.
Octavia met an interesting woman on the train today.
Hannah's and Ann's friends are getting married in August. Ann wasn't invited.
It's Valentine's Day and Caroline didn't go to the gym. Mitch is working at home. Last week Caroline went to Malmo to see Dance Theatre's rehearsal for free. She plans to see it again and buy a ticket this time.
Gina sent Kevin a photo of her left thigh. Gina slept well last night, but Kevin couldn't sleep as he was thinking about her. Kevin proposes a meeting this week, but Gina might be very busy. They arrange to have dinner on Friday evening. Kevin will phone Gina this evening to discuss that.
The treatment for a guy after cardiac arrest is not working, and he's getting worse. Jackie is on her way, coming back from lunch. She should find the intern Julie as Denver wants her to see this one.
Nichole needs the reply ASAP. Alanis is checking the mailbox now. Jordan is sending it now.
Lib came to London. She brought a meaningful photo with her that was in her father's possession before he passed away. She wants to keep in touch with Liz after her departure.
Otto will meet Ana at Paddy's in 1 hour, to talk about Otto's problems with Kelly.
Eva doesn't enjoy House of Cards without Frank. Julia has read it was Spacey and Wright who made the serious together but she's going to watch anyway.
Jules and Lily will meet next Saturday for jamming.
Hammond and Ulrika have had a busy week. For today's lunch, Ulrika had some dumplings that she made yesterday, and Hammond had curry with rice.
Aisha and Tom are going to the cinema to watch the new movie about Freddy Mercury at 6.
Rachel and Isla are going to get drunk.
Leafs are winning against the Sharks.
Kamren does not want to meet today because her face is covered with spots, and she does not want to be around people.
Ryan is in Italy while Leo is working hard and wishing he could win the lottery.
Ash is feeling better and he will work on the next chapter as soon as he can. He has to beta another story tonight. Mollie likes all of his stories.
Jennifer is watching "Friends".
Liz needs to be there at four o'clock sharp for the checkup.
Zahra sees snow for the first time and posts it on Instagram.
Chloe's costume isn't ready and she is in need of another one. Katy suggests she makes last minute repairs and wears it anyway.
Juliet isn't free to do James' homework, so he'll ask Lilly.
Jamie and Ioanna are cooking butter chicken today. Tomorrow they'll cook pasta. Jamie will pick Ioanna up from work at 5pm and they'll go to Superstore together.
Maria got socks, slippers, and pink Moomin pyjamas for Christmas. Miranda received money from her wealthy parents. Tony finds getting money from parents odd.
Nick has spent an enjoyable evening with his friends. Nick and Lucas are leaving Derry for Dublin. Anna is in Barcelona and is going to the swimming pool and the aquarium.
Cornelia found Mark's ID. They are going to meet at the mall.
Reinhard, Hans and Carla are on a yacht in Monaco. Caroline has to be in Basel tomorrow to buy some art. Caroline is an art historian.
Mary needs 2000 $ to pay her bills as she was dismissed two months ago. Amanda will send the money immediately. Kate's company is looking for professionals like Mary.
Ethan asked Julia about the well-being of Schmoze the cat and about her address.
Gigi wants Memphis to listen to Quavo's new song.
Samantha has forgot her case for glasses. Samantha won't be back before Christmas. Samantha will give Connor her address and he will send her the case.
Mrs. Swanson has left dinner for her son Oliver in the fridge.
Donnie is homesick and wants to come for Christmas on Dec.21. Donnie has to ask his colleagues first. Dad will lend him $250. Their old house in Pelham is for sale but it's devastated and costs 100,000 more.
Anna invites Adam to the movies tonight.
Tom assures Mike that everything will go well.
Matt will buy some sweets for Marta's nephew on Anna's request.
Ben has an interview for an office job next week and needs advice about his hair. Mia likes Ben's hair style so he won't change it.
Alex's parents might be getting a divorce as they fight a lot.
Eve and Leslie are waiting for Tom with the dinner. He'll be home in about an hour.
Nina and Max have loads to be done tonight. Max wants to skip some things from the list. Nina suggests helping her dad another time. Nina and Max are leaving work earlier to go shopping. Then Nina is getting her nails done. Max is helping Dan with his move at 7.
Prudence wants Kyle to call her when he can. It's about Nettie.
Peter and Monika will be chairing twice at the conference, in different rooms. They are going to meet only on coffee breaks. Peter is dressing up for this occassion.
Liza loves christmas, the atmosphere, lights, and buying presents.
Patty is informing Molly of Bill's condition. He's regaining more colours and the doctor is positive.
Walter and Wendy spent a weekend together. They had a lot of fun.
Cindy wants to take part in gingerbread house baking competition, but she can't bake. Monica promises her to help her with that, Cindy'll decorate it.
Troy and Kayla's friend Boyle move out with his workmate to Stonehenge.
There is an MMA event in city arena next month which Charley and Hobart plan to attend. Idina criticizes this sport.
Ella has just reached home with new shoes bought at Main market at a newly opened shop that gave her 30% discount. Mathew wants to buy ones to his sister, too, so he's leaving home in ten minutes.
Clementine got a notice from the landlord - she needs to leave the apartment next month. Victoria proposes she can stay with her.
Kelvin wants to talk to Karen but she is not interested.
Matt is waiting for an Uber. Nick is waiting for him. Kate is angry at Matt. Nick will see Matt in a while.
Bobby's new to the neighbourhood, Mats welcomes him.
Maryam has to prepare an assignment regarding the VR topic.
Noah informs Ethan that they are going swimming now but Ethan has other plans. Ethan is willing to go swimming next weekend.
Harry and Mark are sick of the autumn, while Gina likes it.
Lucy got a new bike from her parents. Lucy and Anne will go on a bike ride on Saturday at noon.
Amelie was at the Eivør concert last night and she loved it. Frederick couldn't go because of work. Frederick wants to go to the concert next time.
Tim can't meet with Megan tonight, because he must study.
Emily wants to meet with people. Anne is about to leave. Clare suggests going for a drink this Friday evening. Emily's in. Amy will probably be there. She's got birthday on Friday and Helen won't make it. She wants others to make sure Amy's drinking a lot of gin.
Michael gives Bella the syllabus for the OHTs. Bella has a problem with with finding stability of a system. Michael is in his office now. Bella will be there in 5 minutes.
Kate wants to buy some new Melissa shoes, but her size is not available anywhere. She lost her old pair in Morocco.
Today Tim is going with John to the apartment John is considering renting. They will meet at 6.20 by liquor store.
Harry, Greg and Dan's children spend too much time on doing their homework. Harry is gonna talk to their teacher about it.
Albert was angry, because Alexandra made fun of him.
Kelly had a stressful week at work, and wants to go dancing. Diane had loads of work lately, she's in. Kelly suggested an incoming promotion as a reason for extra work.
Pamela and Willie were invited to aunt Rosie this weekend. Willie doesn't want to bring his new girlfried Rhonda. He is worried she would be bored.
Becky arranged a date between Samantha and Sam. Samantha and Becky think Sam is attractive.
Mike borrows 200$ from Jake. He needs it to pay the bills.
Connor sends Greta the task description. Presentations from the uni's website have some errors.
Robert is irritated that some large man is promoting being overweight on youtube. Nina shares Robert's opinion.
Lorenzo and Giuseppe find Matteo's girlfriend sexy.
Stephanie will introduce Damian to Marcus. Damian wants to ask Marcus a favour but won't share any details.
Rashid reminds Fran of the dishwasher repairman visit between 2 and 6pm today. Rashid suggests Fran to call at 222 444 if he wants to know when the maintenance man is on his way.
Max, Freddie and Mark will play football at their usual spot at 6. Max will bring his goalkeeper gloves.
Casey and Delilah are vegetarian, so Tom will get them meatless subs.
Claire and some Wendy's colleagues will visit Wendy at 7 p.m. Dominic has a final rehearsal today, so he cannot join.
Mark told Eliza that the film is not worth seeing. She saw it anyway and regrets it.
Jim lends Eva his car and takes dad's car. This is the last time he helps her.
It is snowing. Graham and Rhian won't go to club tonight. Bella ran a 100 km through the desert last year.
Neither Samantha nor Laura have finished the book. The meeting is postponed till Monday.
The tourist office has offered Janet, Rose, Hannah and Sophie and the others a stay in Turkey. Janet needs to complete the list of participants at the end of the month. There are 20 places. Sophie will join.
Emma made a cake decoration with Santa Claus who crashed his sleigh.
There was a demonstration of nationalists at Auschwitz during the Holocaust Memorial Day.
Gerald will miss next Monday's meeting, he'll be 2 days at Pasteur Institut for a check-up. The convocation arrived yesterday. Gerald's been on a diet since last week. He met Tony, whose effort test was bad. Tony will have more tests. Gerald is waiting for his blood test. Andrew will go next month.
Rachel Kavanagh is in Nottingham now. Rachel Kavanagh and Caron will meet in Nottingham next time Dee travels there. Rachel Kavanagh attends acting classes during the week. She is trying to get an acting job in a soap opera.
Frannie and Jim are worrying about their exam tomorrow. Frannie uses Jim's notes. Jim explains the notions of substrata, superstrata, and Mediolanum to her.
Yuval thinks he might have haemorrhoids.
Lilyanna and Ernest have exams to take tomorrow.
Diana wants Max to meet her parents. Max thinks it is too early, since they have known each other for just two weeks.
David feels horrible because of drinking vodka.
Martha, Lilly and Maria are going to serve the starter, the soup and the dessert at the party. The second dish will be made by a catering company. Martha doesn't like that.
Ross will take out the garbage.
After what Sam told Anna in the restaurant she didn't talk to him for four days and now it's weird between them.
Doyle wants to borrow some cash from Ania.
Dad went to Niagara-on-the-Lake on Sunday. He suffered from back problems but now the pain moved to his right foot. Bobby recommends the exercises for his back that he used to do. He will pass the information about the book with exercises to Dad tomorrow.
Lindsay asked Raul to return her the movie she had lent him because Paige wanted to see it.
Dan and Nate don't have money for ticket.
Sophia disapproves of the way she was treated by her teacher.
Shelly gives Jackie instructions on how she can get to her house.
Tom was the only person who didn't come to the meeting. Kate will talk to him as such behaviour is unacceptable.
Harry has just been deleted from Facebook by Peter, and he doesn't actually know why, so he'll talk to him tomorrow. Ben doesn't know the reason either.
John's had an accident and it looks serious, Nav took him to XYZ hospital. David's coming.
Kat left her backpack at the flat. She wants Mike to come back and bring the term paper. Kat doesn't know where she left the paper. Mike is heading there.
Kasia got an RGS grant. Shirin would like to see her application. Doron will ask Kasia for Shirin about it.
Katy likes "Twin Peaks". Kate wants to go to a party.
Kieran is going to San Antonio on Wednesday with a private shuttle. Erica's also going, but rather with a public shuttle. Victor's taking the shuttle at 3pm from Cobano. Private shuttle is $50, public shuttle is $15. The last time Summer took a public bus it was late by 2.5 hours.
Dan and Patrick will have a late breakfast tomorrow at around 12.
Carol's plane arrived at 20:56. She is in th bus now, in 5 minutes she'll get her luggage and go to exit B where she'll meet Barbara. Emma is waiting just next to McDonald's.
Karla was run over by a car in the parking lot. She is now in the hospital. Both her legs are broken. She is in love with the man who ran her over.
Monkeys got into the factory and destroyed the ceiling. Santakumar wants them out safely.
Tim and Samantha are making a presentation on natural selection. Samantha will focus on the history of the concept and the evidence. Tim will focus on the modern definiton, including stuff from Dawkins' book, and why it matters to the humanity. The presentation will be in Prezi.
Freddie will pick up his sister. Mary will buy some ice cream for Freddie.
Tom didn't come to the class as his was sick. Mickey took some notes.
Auto-correct changed Barbara's text to her mom for the first time yesterday. Her mom called her to check.
Frank from Speedy Repair is on the way and will be at Sheila's in 20 minutes. She's been waiting all day.
Olivia's meeting was longer than expected and she missed 3 phone calls from her daughter Skylar.
Abigail and Robert are going to have a baby girl. They're considering the names Ava and Emily.
Mark will drive Isis, Pia and Monica to Susie's tonight.
Gregory was at the New Year's party with Roger, Ann and Maria. Carolina met her friends, but her boyfriend got sick and they had to go back home.
Today at the art history lecture, the class was watching "Exit through the Gift Shop". Then they proceeded to discussion about Banksy's art.
Samuel has problems at work - he's exceeded the budget and he has to pay 20000 $ out of his own pocket.
Allie is listening to the soundtrack of "Before the storm" today. The first episode of the second season is available to watch.
Zoe, Eveline and Irma are checking the ranking list they've been waiting for.
Tom can't talk right now and will call Jim back around 6.
Elizabeth is not a fan of halloween because kids threw eggs at her house when she wasn't there.
Oscar is frustrated with his job. Other offers don't appeal to Oscar. Elliott suggested taking time off.
Wisner arrived to the US. He had to cross the Dominican Republic border and to take a raft to the US shores.
Mother of Chris and Mary is getting older and she can't take care of herself and her house. Neither May, nor Chris and Jane can't take the mother to their places. They're considering to find her a nursing home.
Garry and Katia are going to an Irish pub. They will meet at the subway station at approx. 8 o'clock.
Mike didn't lose the fight.
Aisha kicked the cupboard, now her toe is broken.
Gabrielle has made some bread and is sharing some photos and the recipe will Anette. Anette will show her a Spanish book about making bread on Monday. She will also try the recipe.
Joanna helps Terry with his project. She suggests the layout improvement. She tells Terry how to do it. She also sends him a website with useful guides.
Jane will get to Gina in 10 minutes. It's raining, so Gina will hide inside.
Jim is getting married. They think he will not be a good husband.
Bruce is not going to be late at home. Bruce will be home at about 5.30. Bruce and Carrie will order a pizza from Cimino's with sausage and onion, and with green peppers on half. Carrie will call for the pickup.
Roy needs an urgent conference call with Vin and Philip.
Sara picked up the book on her way to work. They are heavy, so Tom will pick her up after work.
Asha and Mohammed are celebrating Ramadan.
Enrique tells Travis not to eat the food Alvin made last night as he still cannot get the terrible taste out of his mouth.
Mariah is feeling unwell after eating green peppers in her dinner last night.
Dean is going to be late because he was playing the FIFA video game. If Dean does not arrive in 10 minutes, Bobby and Chad will start without him.
Anna is worried about her son Nick. Simone reckons it's a minor thing. Nick's wearing long hair and red pants. His classmates keep laughing at him. Anna wants to burn the pants but Simone suggests staining them.
Andrea, Kasia and Nicki want to join a student organization called AIESEC. The organization holds conferences and helps students find volunteering or training opportunities. Andrea, Kasia and Nicki will go to an AIESEC meeting on Thursday together. Chris doesn't want to join.
Brenda and Carl are going to see the Body Worlds exhibition at about noon on Sunday.
Brooke, Ava and Kristen will meet up in Senza to support Kristen in her Christmas shopping.
Eric invited Emily to go skiing with him for the whole week. Eric also invited his friend with his girlfriend. Eric booked one room with four single beds. It is a place near Karpaty, where Eric goes with his family every year.
Milena, Irina and Galina are in Moscow, John is not.
Ricardo will book the hotel on Potsdamer Platz tonight. He's working overtime so he'll have the money. Agnes would prefer something else, but she's fine with it anyway.
Sally and Pat are going out for dinner. Pat booked a table at 6:30. Pat and her friend are picking Sally up at 6 pm for a tour of Kingscliff.
Rosa should be home by 6.30. She and Gene will go out or dinner.
Matt is masturbating, and he wants to see a picture of Jane's boobs and pussy. Jane is not willing to fulfil his request.
Quinn will do the laundry. Jayden will buy bread on Quinn's request.
Becky thinks that 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' got more interesting, because Jon Bernthal plays there. Becky recommends Kate and Julia watching 'Punisher'.
Gemma and Sam have a plane to catch at 6:30.
Lola didn't have time to clean the bathroom but she promises to do it tomorrow.
Joe overslept and will be late for work. Rob is covering for him.
Bob disappeared on them last night. He doesn't remember what he did. Bob got home around 5.
Lia would like to go out tonight but Marion and Mel are not up for it.
Meg might be pregnant as she skipped her pill twice this week.
Ruth was dismissed from W&A by Jack. Jack was persuaded to do so by his new girlfriend.
Mark and Melanie just got to Malaga. It took them about 6 hours. The weather is nice and Mark likes his hotel.
Luke suggests that Bryan should be preparing himself for having children. Bryan claims that all the girls he meets wouldn't be good mothers. Luke confessed that he met his future wife at the party.
Binni was sick, so she missed her class today. Lewis agreed to share his notes with Binni. Binni will get the notes tonight from Lewis's mother.
Jenny let Jack know she is going to sleep.
Meggy and Peter recommend the new James Bond movie to Anna.
Robert will come to Diana's graduation. He hasn't bought her a present yet.
Amber will send Roy an article about Saudi Arabia.
Emma sent Nora the photo of their homework.
Julie is going to visit New York City next week. She's first visiting a friend there and then going to Washington, D.C. Sophie is going to either Cuba or Palma for her summer vacation.
Kim has a private account where she posts awkward pictures. Dayna and Kim miss each other.
Bridget and Clare like Portishead, Whitsunday Island and Whitehaven Beach.
Vic, Max and Maria will come to Alec's place tomorrow. Alec made French soup. Maria has celiac disease.
Jack won't go to Florence with Tommy, Micky and Alice because of the financial problems. He was robbed and he had problems with his car, which made him depressed.
Mark can't open the entrance door and Jane is coming to help him.
New episodes of the Vikings will be aired at the end of November. Filip and Bartek can't wait.
Logan will write a bio for the end of the article. Natalie sends him a sample so he can keep it the same and recommends to put his AI work and Logan's experience with them. It's been almost two years and Logan is officially a member of the team now.
Sonia will babysit her sister's 7-year-old child tomorrow and doesn't know how to do it. Tracy thinks Sonia should turn on the tv and give her some snacks.
Mariah, David and Carlos need another group member. They can have 4-5 people in the group, so Mariah, who is the group leader, will ask both Abe and the flight attendant girl to join.
Jenny wasn't replying to Chase before as she was busy and had to move last week. They'll meet on Saturday around 6 o'clock at the pub near Chase's place.
Mike should confirm with Agnes whether they start at 8:00 am tomorrow.
Drake is coming to fetch Llz in 30 minutes.
Daisy will tell mom and dad that Sam loves them when they return. Sam is wondering if it is possible to tag her in a post if she restricts someone on fb.
Kian can talk to Annabelle if he needs it.
Sandra will go to Mandy to do homework together, but she will come back to Mom for supper.
Kylie's and Olivia's lecture starts at 2:30 PM in room 211.
Alexis and Carter met tonight. Carter would like to meet again, but Alexis is busy.
Tomorrow Leon will be home at around 4. Father will come help him with math.
Andy gives Anderson 100$ off discount on his orders.
Matilde has a new flat. Matilde and Marco designed the interiors themselves. Agnes is about to buy a flat and get the keys to it in a few months. Matilde shares her social media profiles with interior design ideas as Agnes is considering different design options.
Noah quit his job as his boss had become unbearable. Now he has the time to meet Madison.
Tom is standing in line. It will take him 20 minutes.
Nat found a g-string under the bed. Paul has no idea where it comes from, but Nat doesn't believe him.
Michael is texting Kelly pretending he's having a great conversation with her to actually escape from people talking to him as he's a shy person.
Caron got a back prodder. Andy feels he's out of a job as his masseur. Caron thinks Andy's still better.
Zuri will come to Fisher's place tonight to watch High Voltage together.
Ellie and Libby are meeting tonight at 8 pm. They are going to dance.
Amanda's phone battery is very low. On Amanda's request, Kevin will call her mom to let her know Amanda is on her way. Amanda has left the power bank, Kevin got her, at Johnny's place on Friday.
Gilly laughs at the GIF sent by Lars.
Zoey and Aria will meet at 6 pm this Tuesday.
The fire alarm goes off at 8:40 on Tuesdays. It woke up Hilda today.
Issy asked Meg how to do her task from French or when it is due.
Ela didn't recognize Kris. Ela feels stupid about this. Kris doesn't have a problem with that.
Bella and Chloe will have vegetarian burgers for dinner. Bella will pick up her order from H&M and buy the ingredients for the burgers.
Mike and Archie are waiting for the release of Anthem which is due tomorrow. They are anxious though because the game development studio ruined their previous game Mass Effect Andromeda.
Bartek sent Tomek a picture of himself on a boat in Greece. Tomek couldn't open the picture on his phone.
Francis wants two of the fastest linguists on the Project X file to finish it faster.
Peter and Gabe want to go to The Rolling Stones' concert on June 6th. Peter's cousin works at the ticket master but he cannot help them with getting the tickets.
How to Train Your Dragon 3 will come out on the 22nd of February 2019.
Alfred tells his mum, Hetty, how to create a shortcut on an iPad and where to find her e-mail app.
David and Joey will eat breakfast at the mess.
Dale is wearing the same clothes as yesterday. Will has black rings around his eyes. Emma and Casey think Dale and will may have spent the night together.
Karine and Anne will have brunch at the lake today. They will go by car, Vicky will join them. She should be home at 12. Karine's parking number is 5. Anne arrives at the lake.
Wendy and Pascal's son has trouble at school. He was accused of groping girls. If it happens again, he might get expelled. Pascal thinks their son needs help.
Sula forgot her lunch. Jake can't bring it to her as he has a meeting far away. Sula will eat the lunch after work.
Stan wants to stay home because he has a test at school. Carol has let him stay once before, but now she refuses. She will pick him up at 3.20.
Vivian is throwing a part for her colleagues, some of them are vegans. She is looking for some recipes. Thomas recommended 3 vegan blogs to her and sent a recipe for vegan stroganoff.
Jim is on the bus. Jim is going to meet Felix and Sean in about 15 minutes.
Mark and Luke will take a coffee, and Jake needs to talk to the boss. He wants them to wait for him.
Tom would like to visit Eastern Europe. He's thinking about going to Poland and seeing some villages, forests, mountains, etc. Peter doesn't appreciate Polish people, so he recommends exploring the Baltic States instead.
Mikey is spending tonight with his lady and can't have a drink with Dave.
Lily, Tom and Ieva are meeting tomorrow morning at 9.
Andrew wants to keep it as it is, while John and Brett disagree.
Florence, Stacy and Denique are going to the Twenty One Pilots concert. Tickets are 50$. They talk about dressing as the band.
Jennifer wants Mary to do her make up on Saturday before her date with Dave.
Kim's cat stopped eating, so she needs to change its food.
Dan had to stay at work longer and he's already late for the meeting with Betty and their guests. He will be on his way in 10 minutes.
Hermiona has finally agreed to go on a date with Harry. Harry's been in love with her for a very long time, but she'd always refused.
Betty doesn't have time to take care about the legal issues and administration in her company. Helen recommends Betty her accountant.
Sonia agrees to work extra hours helping Cynthia on some reports this afternoon, tomorrow and on Friday.
Kassy finalized the dimensions for the robot, and to resolve the problem with the rigid dimensions for the mechanism he made it adjustable.
Sid and Annie are going to watch Aquaman, highest grossing movie this week.
Theresa has no other option at the moment, but to keep working there. Theresa went to the cinema for a comedy that made her cry at the end. Meg saw "Kler" and thinks it's very good. Theresa has a complicated relationship with Sylvia.
Julia is selling her Rock Band 4 set with a guitar for PS4. Tony will ask his nephew and let Julia know if he'd be interested in buying it.
Gina thinks she's watched everything on Netflix. She has been sick all the time for the last few months. Her doctor prescribed her some good stuff, though. Wendy hasn't seen Outlander. Gina thinks it's extremely good and recommends it to Wendy.
Mary found a dead bird in James' car.
Sabina is finally an aunt.
Milly's hairdresser appointment is at 2 and Sue's is at 2:30. The hairdresser is at Glazer Rd, on the right, second floor.
Aisha is seeing Sheila at Vesuvius in 15. Aisha booked a table for 4 under the name Sayeed.
Matthew will give Danny a call once he gets off the subway.
There is milk and water in the fridge.
Patrick has a message for Rini from Rodrigues. Rini is tired of false promises. Rini got it wrong and would visit Rodrigues at his place tomorrow.
Samantha's daughter is two months old.
Kim takes part in Paul's survey on customer service of Xstore.com. On a scale of 1-5 she's to rate her last visit to the page, the clothing available there, the UI and the customer services. She would also change the page as it's difficult to read.
Haille will bring apple juice on June's request.
There is a girl with ridicolous makeup and she is probably not aware it looks awful.
Margo and Nathalie wish each other a happy New Year. Margo sends Nathalie some photos.
Jules thinks the assault that happened in France was abominable. Ashley has a strong opinion that the left winged government is responsible for it.
Brandy is satisfied with her performance. The film will most likely be on the school's fp.
Lucy and Lewis are having a date on Friday evening. They will go to the cinema and to an Italian restaurant.
Sonia will buy coke Zoe who's on her period.
Watson has an interview tomorrow and wants to learn interviewing skills. Bella and Watson will meet tomorrow at 4 PM.
Daniel wants to show Eveline some changes in the executive project. She will make coffee for them.
Peter thanks Sean for coming to his workshop. Sean liked it and will visit periodically.
Robert's parents will give him a surprise gift for Christmas.
Fiona shares house with 10 people. The house has 3 floors and a patio. She lives in a small town, about 20 minutes by bus from city centre. Ian has already bought the flight tickets and will visit Fiona in two weeks time. Fiona wants to take Ian to a cafe which she likes very much.
Linda invited Hilary and Megan yesterday. Hilary and Megan are grateful.
Ian will bring some snacks and Doreen will bring tomato juice to the seminar with Mary. Amber and Edgard loved Gubar's text.
There are no literature classes today.
Mr Howard will try to reschedule the meeting, but Mr Tokken and Mr Hugh have already tight schedules.
Mary have found a lottery ticket and she won 15$.
Jacob is having 39.7 degrees, so he and Isabella won't meet soon.
Jake, Kelly, Greg and Tom want to go camping on the first weekend of May. Jake invites Juliet and her boyfriend to join them.
Kate found old photos of her and Anna. Anna finds them crazy and Kate embarassing.
Daniel and Ava will meet near Ava's house in 30 minutes. They will see Hugh Jackman at the restaurant.
Victoria, Monica and Sally are gossiping about celebrities. An actor by the name Johnny is getting separated. Rumour has it that Johnny was cheating on her.
Hugo has just booked an apartment for them on Airbnb. Christina and Ashley have already paid, Kim will do it when she's back from work. The conference is in a few weeks. Hugo, Ashley and Kim don't have their papers ready yet.
Mary is throwing a party tonight. Jell, Terry, Lia, and Mia are coming.
Ronald and Julia are waiting for the premiere of new Black Mirror season on 28th of December.
Mum is waiting for Ludo in the lounge. She will get Ludo a club sandwich at her request.
John is looking for a new car online.
Mona has been having problems with her mobile and needs to get a new one.
Exiling a permanent triggers ETB. Recently Alleatha plays MTG rarely and only with prereleases.
Phil forgot about dinner plans with Sam and now she refuses to reschedule for tomorrow.
Alex needs to repair a flat tire before he meets with Mandy.
Conor was in London and wasn't very busy. A new man starts on Monday, Conor will meet him before Molly. In Conor's view people show their colors after they get drunk.
Taylor and Valerie are going for a date at 7:30 and then to the concert at 9 p.m.
Monica agrees that the costs she covered last night should be split between herself and Helena except for apetizers which shall be on Monica.
Simon has booked a table for 8. It was easy. Simon will be in town after 7 and will go to Cricketers first.
Byron, Chad and Charlotte are going to the water park without Calvert who has a bad day. Byron will borrow his dad's car. Charlotte will be ready in 2 hours.
Tom has Asperger's. His girlfriend deals with it very well and she's really nice.
Sissy has finished "Gomorra". Gabri will share Netflix with Sissy for a couple of beers a month. Francesca strongly recommends "Narcos", "The house of cards" and a documentary on Whitney. Films worth watching, according to Gabri, are "Virunga" and "Icarus."
Clara is from Colombia and her community and family suffered because of Pablo Escobar. Clara is therefore not watching the show "Narocs" as she feels it represents Escobar in a falsely positive way. Clara finds the popularity of the show hurtful.
Bruno is sick and won't be at work next week. Marnie, Jose and Mia will decide on who can replace Bruno.
Tom was sick in the morning, so he didn't go to the lecture today. Kathy will share her notes by email with Jenny and Tom. The deadline for the essay on the influence of Jane Austen’s prose on literature was shortened and it's due next week. The test will probably be in three weeks' time.
Lisa and Darren will order food for Stella, Mike and Amy, who will join them shortly. There was a huge accident on 278.
Liz is 14 weeks pregnant with Damien, they're going to have twins. They are worried about it.
Mr. Petzold has decided not take the exam at the testing center, as he has been accepted into another MA program that doesn't require him to take it.
Nancy is home cooking. Francesca forgot her keys. She can enter because the door is open.
Cage had a sporting accident 6 months ago. He will come to the training this weekend.
June's cat is recovering from a health issue. Rob will take them to the veterinarian on Thursday at around 6 pm.
Sandy is looking for a new job, because she wants to resign from the current one next week.
Brad and Ashley broke up. Mariah and Jessica are excited to gossip about it. They'll meet in 10 minutes, at Mariah's place.
Rob has told him. Rob will be pissed, if he gets sick in the morning.
Samantha has just passed Audley End in the train. Henry will pick her up from the station.
Xavier had an accident - a falling teapot slashed his wrist and it had to be stitched up. He can't use his left hand for the next week. Charlie will buy a week's food supply and some toilet paper for Xavier and will help him with the housework. Charlie will be at Xavier's in about an hour.
Nick left a dirty pan in the kitchen so Nora is washing it again. Nick promises it won't happen again.
Martha will borrow one of Barbie's dresses. Both Martha and Barbie wear size 12.
Dan thinks Virginia will be the last to legalize weed. Gilbert and Hector are thankful to live in Washington. Arkansas legalized it for medical purpose 2 years ago but Amanda reckons there's no way to get a card.
Matthew and Sarah got engaged. Karen sends them a picture from high school.
Alexandra needs to get to Nashville in order to visit her grandma the next weekend. Brody can't help but Jughead'll have some free time and can take Alexandra to Nashville.
Jennifer has left some sandwiches for Tim in the fridge.
Rick requests Nick to sign and send the papers back.
Trish is going to give Rose a Friends T-shirt. Rose is going to wear it. She is a fan of the show.
Joe has used the conference room without reserving it first. Joe is dissatisfied with the current reservation system. Frank urges Joe to use the system anyway for now.
Mum has gone to grandma's house. She cooked dinner before and put it in the fridge.
Tom and Carol tell Aldona they are lost. Tom is convinced google maps shows a wrong route. Aldona confirms Tom and Carol are on a right way.
Kaden wants to show Zoé the place at 2 pm tomorrow.
Mary needs to rest.
Jean-Paul will come over to Nick round 7 pm to look at the car he has for sale.
Matt has left his homework at home and needs his mom, Hermione, to bring it over before his math class at 2 pm. Hermione will meet him at the school gate at 1.30.
Theo explains to Tom that the recent prostests in France were motivated by high fuel prises and costs of living. Jimmy and Theo debate over the nature of the concept of populism.
Georgina saw Trevor at the club last week and got his number from memphis. They will meet on Friday.
Janet's camera is broken. She's undecided whether to buy Canon or Nikon. She used Pentax and Canon before. Gina uses Nikon. Charles advises her to buy Canon. Daniel sent a link to the comparisons between cameras.
Brent and Ernesto are meeting in the city centre tonight.
Tim and David are fed up with the internet speed. Tim will call tech support tomorrow.
Bella told Albert that she accidentally met her aunt Greta on a business trip. Greta is having some health problems.
Anne will phone Paul when her plane touches down.
Jennifer will replace Vivian at work tomorrow.
Mum just left.
Anton wishes Stevens he has a fabulous day.
Alex is upset because she heard her parents shouting something. She will talk to them separately after school.
Willie wants Billy and Brian to stop singing and they refuse as it isn't 10 p.m. yet.
Alex lost 15 pounds on a birthday cake he did not receive. He reported this issue and is waiting on somebody to call him within a week.
Rory has just got a male kitten.
Henry has lost his Oyster card. He's stuck in a queue in at Tufnell, getting a new one. He will be late.
Sam and Anna will meet tomorrow in Cineworld at 7.30 for a beer.
Charlotte is writing her CV to apply for a Junior Sales Assistant position and doesn't know what to put in the "Skills" section. Daniel advises her to look for examples on Google. The competition for the position is high and Charlotte doesn't meet all the requirements.
Mike is looking for Sam. Susan haven't seen Sam in a while, so she cannot help Mike.
Jim did not attend her wedding as he still loves her.
Meryl and Charles prefer to visit Mauritius in February. Tom prefers Argentina. Flight prices to Mauritius and Buenos Aires are similar.
Geraldine took a selfie with a girl's leg in the background to show it to Bridger.
Oksana missed her bus and she will be there in 10 minutes. Mariam will try to stall, so that they can yell "surprise" all together.
Ivo and Beck will meet this weekend at that fancy restaurant near Beck's work.
Lilly and Mark had a great stay at Olivia and Bill's place. Bill had an emergency eye surgery because of retina displacement. He's slowly recovering now.
Meryl got some free tickets to Carnegie Hall for Stravinsky at 6 pm. John is happy to join and he might take someone too. They should dress decent.
Gwen drew a portrait of Trish from a photo she took at Marie's party. Trish loves it and wants to make it her profile picture.
Mr. Kenzo will travel to Shanghai next week. Ms. Adley will book a B&B for four days and a short flight.
Marika hesitates whether or not she should buy the new iPhone. She bought hers a couple of months ago, but wants the new one for better pictures.
Jeremy's at a bookshop looking for a gift. Ella suggests going for fantasy or non-fiction. Since he probably has all the fantasy books, Jeremy decides to buy him non-fiction.
Rui congratulates Mario on winning the match.
Chantix Works is a plill prescribed by a doctor, but it's not available in South Africa, where Ahmod lives.
John and Tim will meet outside the railway station at 7 pm on Friday and go for a drink. On Saturday Tim is having lunch with Sara's mother. He has not met her before. Sara's father died long ago.
Ramona, Nina and Kimberly are meeting on Friday at 7PM at Ramona's apartment. Ramona is going to cook, Kimberly will choose movies to watch.
Mark will follow Josh no matter what Peter and Paul will decide.
Harry has got the keys to the office. Fred will come over in 10 minutes to pick them up.
Raven and Mr Lewis have a meeting on Wednesday at 9:00.
She treated Stacy really badly. Stacy will tell the boss.
Jodie went to the park with her child. Jodie send her mom some photos with the child.
Ella will bring Matthew the same pen she has and he will pay her for it tomorrow.
Adam has just played his first song he played with Luke. They arrange to meet again on Tuesday or Thursday and do some music.
Charlotte will borrow a skateboard from Max. She's going with friends to the park after school. She doesn't know how to ride on a skateboard.
Ovi just returned from Israel and will be coming to school tomorrow. He only missed a few parties. Israel was very warm. Shyann liked his pictures.
Lucy is going to work in the library. Natalie is already there. Xavier might join them in the evening.
Rafal has sent others a grammar test and a business vocabulary worksheet. The deadline is next Monday.
Jay is going to the gym, Mason will join him and Bruce who's already there. They'll play volleyball if the gym's packed.
Alice will prepare spaghetti for dinner tonight. Ruby will buy some cheese.
Mary and Will discuss the party last night; they talk about the fact that there were many people, they were drinking vodka, singing karaoke, smoking and it was extremely noisy.
Patricia and Ela will take the 7.45 bus tomorrow to go to the lecture.
Gail likes True Blood, which is set in Louisiana. Edward is a character from Twilight. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is about a girl who fights vampires. Kyle doesn't think True Blood is for him.
Jordan, Amy, Andy, Peter and Patrice will take a train to get to the festival, and Jordan will book five tickets for the train at 9 am.
Brian wants to borrow 2000. Damian is broke. Theo must talk to Linda about it.
Abdi will join the army next Friday. Dante is surprised, as Abdi applied for the army service only 2 months ago. Abdi will serve for 2 years for his country, which is divided into 2 countries. Abdi is worried about his girlfriend, as he is unsure if she will wait for him or look for another partner.
Ruth will call the plumber to have her leaking tap fixed.
Ginevra doesn't want to eat dinner tonight with Herby.
Lizzy and Tim are at the movies. Tim is in the toilet, he'll be back in 5 minutes. Lizzy will take popcorn and find the seats.
Mia wants Ida to go for a walk with her despite the rain.
Nigel and Brett have seen the first four episodes of True Detective's third season and they like them. Charles will watch this series too.
Mike and two other men are playing squash tonight at 8 o'clock. Adrian agrees to join them and approves of Mike's idea of a mini tournament.
Maxfield has no money nor food. Wayne and Sinclair won't help him.
Alice thinks Joana has been running late the last weeks. Joana hasn't been feeling very well recently and should see a doctor. Alice allows her to have some time off.
Lennon wants to borrow money from Caron. Lennon needs 50 quid for Saturday. Caron had lent Lennon some money before and Lennon didn't pay back. Lennon promises that this time he will give money back. Caron will transfer money now.
Poppy can't meet with Thomas and Jessica tomorrow because Rachel has a cold.
Bonnie keeps thinking about Mark even though they broke up six month ago. Cecily told her to try Tinder and Anne thinks casual dates may help Bonnie forget about him, but she's not in the mood for that lately.
Rick hasn't seen the new Harry Potter. Harriet wants to watch it with him tonight.
Derrick is not coming for the training tomorrow, because his elbow isn't fine yet.
Kate will bring limes for David, who is making mojitos.
Ewa found out from her Brazilian friend that one needs to speak Polish to donate blood in Poland.
Noah bought a great shaver recently, which cost him less than twenty dollars. Liam is interested in it as well.
Michelle will take Joshua's shirt to the dry-cleaner's at lunch time as he needs it on Thursday.
Billy received a picture from Julie and was a bit puzzled because she has a boyfriend.
Bobby and Ulrich bought tickets for the concert of the band that played here 12 years ago.
Martha set Judith up on a date with her colleague Justin.
Cody wanted to say something to Theo but forgot.
Andrew watched "Blinded by the lights by Zulczyk" in two days and finished yesterday on HBO GO. Andrew will watch it at the weekend.
Victor needs batteries. Luke suggests checking the shop at the corner.
Alexinho has just posted a youtube video where he shows his beatbox skills. Bart is going to watch it. Alexhino confesses that he had some issues with editing. Bart recommends asking Peter for help.
Fran feels stressed with work. Fran will try yoga this Sunday at 7 in the Sports Centre. Debbie will pick Fran up.
Ashley and Austin are looking for each other in a shopping mall.
Brad will make french fries following Sandy's recipe.
George and Lucy want to buy a dashboard camera for Lennie's birthday. The camera costs 140. Minny refuses to take part in the purchase.
Madison is on her way to join William for dinner.
Kevin agrees to not call Lisa Lis anymore as she hates it.
Rick needs to borrow five bucks from Jim.
Jack and John are disappointed with the weather and the place they're staying in. They want to leave for Rome.
Alice is waiting for her wedding photos. She and her friends will have a viewing party on the weekend. Johnny might organise a guys' night on Barbara's request.
Samantha and Jay are going to have a coffee at Starbucks. Jay dislikes Costa Coffee.
This year Kieran has decided to listen to a different album every day. Last year Cass listened to The Rolling Stones albums and found it a great experience. David recommends the music of Warren Zevon, David Grey, Ed Sherran and Divide. John's recommendation is Exciteable Boy.
Monica destroyed the door. Monica works extra today so she will call a person to repair it tomorrow.
Gigi made a delicious steak last week. Kim wants a recipe so she can make dinner tonight.
Kurt will try to convince his mother to buy him a puzzle that is in fact for his father.
Simon is coming back Monday the latest. He is catching the afternoon flight after his last meeting. Meghan is picking Simon up from the airport. Simon can't wait to see Meghan.
Orla wants to watch Ralph movie but Dexter would prefer Creed.
Calleigh forgot to buy toilet paper at his mother's request. Evan will do it for him.
Mario wants Anna to give him one promo code for party pass. Anna gives him the code. It doesn't work at first, but works after refreshing the page.
Britney, Ashley and Kristen are going to Cherry club tonight.
Shawn will lend Molly his guitar and teach her how to play it.
Rachel and Ben split up recently but she doesn't want to discuss it. Daniel and Amy broke up, too. Rachel will bring some food to the party, Daniel will bring something to drink.
Tom and Konrad will go shopping one day. Tom met Natalia in Ireland. Tom likes Rafael from Portugal, because he's funny.
Oscar will pick Poppy up on Saturday at 5 to take a walk and then go to the post-rock concert of Oscar's friend's band that starts at 7 pm.
Gustav is busy finishing his dissertation which is due next week.
There's a new song from BTS. Maya and Amber both love it.
Jessie has sent Logan some suggestions of the things she'd like to get for Christmas.
Joshua struggles with calculus so tomorrow he will meet with Lila in the library to study together.
Jess is frustrated as she can't stop thinking about a certain man.
Logan and his girlfriend made up. They will go at Vicky's place tonight.
Calvin and Kate met for the first time last night, despite travelling to the same destination everyday. Calvin is intrigued by Kate's bird tattoo, showing it off with his sense of humour.
Jon's coming home for Christmas, but hasn't booked his tickets yet. He'll fly with Auntie Shayla on 20 December and go back with her to Toronto after New Year's Eve. Jon won't be coming with Shyann who's going to her parents in Charlottetown.
Mathew, Joseph and Claire are going to the airport. The estimated arrival time of the plane is 8:30, but it might be late.
Bobbi will see Kirsty at lectures tomorrow and have a coffee afterwards.
Loly and Sisi are very excited about some handsome man.
Alex is angry with what another girl did. Owen told Deacon what happened. Alex does not want Owen to intermeddle.
Amka and Mick don't have any special plans for Halloween and neither does Chris as Halloween much celebrated in Poland.
David sold Carly a broken car and has been uncooperative ever since. Carly has hired a solicitor to solve the situation.
Tom is flying back home. Chris asks Tom to go in to school at 7.10 am. Chris and Tom express their opinions about flying. It appears that they are both okay with it.
Elis' car is out of order and he's going with Jacob. Kay wants Jacob to pick her up from home for school.
Sam is still at work. Paula, Martha and Sam will meet tonight at Paula's place.
Peter is selling his land to Mark. Mark will pay 10% tomorrow. Peter will complete the paperwork within a week. The transaction will be concluded in 2 weeks. They will meet tomorrow at Mark's lawyer's office. Mark will send Peter the address.
Laura confirms that Margot is coming to the meeting and keeps asking her how long it will take.
A charity worker from the NGO was killed in the attack in Kenya. Al-Shabab is responsible for it.
Bianca suffers from muscle and joint sore. She is undergoing a therapy. She has an appointment scheduled with her physician for Tuesday.
Jody looks for her jacket with flower pattern on it. She assumes that Danica took the jacket, as she always take Jody's stuff without asking her.
Dan attended the PTA meeting this week. Jenny needs some information, because she wasn't there. School scheduled midterms for the second week of January. There won't be classes during the midterms. Dan and Jenny are frustrated, because they won't be able to pick up their children.
Breakfast is served 7:30-11:00.
Crystal and Jeremy are signing up tonight. Crystal will wear the new dress.
Paulina went to the gym, did some shopping and studied today.
It's grandma's day today. Brooke is getting some potted flowers for her grandma.
Jay bought a Dodgers jersey that later turned out to be a bit smaller, but he can still wear it. Monica saw his snaps where it looks he's having a good time.
Prince Philip had a car accident. He is 97.
Barbara is reading 3 weeks' worth of administrative correspondence. It's raining heavily where Barbara is. It's warm and partly cloudy where Mona is. Mona is visiting Museum of Contemporary African Art later today. Barbara has to get back to work.
Laura and Veronica are looking at their old photos.
Lilly's just received a postcard from Boston. Joan and Mick sent it 2 months ago.
Bob has not heard about the birds.
Mia will bring her friend for Wednesday classes with Paula at 4 pm.
Anna will bring her car navigation to Mark. He and Adam will try to fix it for her.
Amy is going to Croatia this summer. Paula tells Amy to visit the archaeological museum, Dubrovnik, beaches and islands.
Lupa will be taking Risk Management classes. Martha had it last year. It was boring, but didn't require much studying, as they had a good teacher. She can't remember the name of their book, but if she can find it, she'll send Lupa a picture. Lupa needs to talk to Martha in person about something.
Daisy is coming to Barcelona on the first weekend of February. Eleonor is not coming with Daisy. Daisy will call Alex for advice on what to visit. Daisy and Alex will meet on Saturday.
Darcy's spent the first day at the university and he feels overwhelmed. Fiona have already made a few friends there.
Zoe and Jack are texting during class.
Rachel and Josh had a photo session. It was a present from Mags. They will see the photos in a few days, then they'll choose 5 or 6 and the photographer will finish them off.
Jane is in IKEA looking for a carpet. The one that she likes is out of stock. Charles doesn't like any of the carpets.
John will be 10 minutes late. Ann will wait for him by the door with popcorn and large coke.
Laura and Ed will meet Ethy and Peter at the funeral. Peter will read a lecture at the cemetery and not at the council house.They will have a drink together after the funeral if Peter is not tired.
Cyril left the keys to his flat for Mattie. Steve will bring them back next time they meet. Both Steve and Cyril will attend the meeting at the HQ next month, with all the directors from the retail branch.
Monica has had a dentist in Warsaw for 3 years. He's name is Chris. His phone number is 434 312 122.
There will be a parade on Saturday, July 7th. It will start at 2 o'clock, last for about 2 hours and end with a party. Ginny, Betty and Nate want to participate. Victor will join them later.
Mike will call Mom in a minute.
Amber and Hugh didn't invite Lilly to go with them to a concert tonight. Heather invites her to go to the cinema with her and her high school friends instead.
Molly is watching Noah through the window. She wants Noah to stop eating the hummus.
Natalia suggests Magdalene that she shouldn't pay to much attention to the clothing as it's just a simple occasion.
Ben doesn't have enough experience to work for Blake's company. He needs to get more qualified. Blake suggested to him some courses that will help.
Alexis doesn't know that there was a far-right plot to attack Emmanuel Macron. John heard the news on CNN. Alexis heard that National Rally of Marine Le Pen is leading the polls ahead of the election in May.
Adam finds it difficult to get back to writing after finishing the fifth chapter.
Chelsea is almost falling asleep. Gavin is really stressed and he's having panic attacks. After a quick chat, he feels better.
Paige is coming to Eliza for wine at 8.
Peter doesn't know when the shops are open, and when they are closed. Lance finds it easy to remember.
Sven and Peter enjoyed their time together. They will ask Jim to join them next time. Next year Sven will organize it.
Kate, Manuel and Terry are meeting in 30 minutes at Hyde Park. They are going to ride bicycles.
Annie lies she's at home. Jack is at home. Stephanie will be there in 5 minutes.
Jamie is planning holidays in Italy. He wants to visit Venezia, Padova, Milan, Treviso and small villages in the north. Margaret recommends also visiting Cinque Terre, Dolomites and lake Como. Jamie doesn't ski.
Ben informs Mary that there is someone claiming to have found (with use of a Google Earth map) a missing Boeing 777 in a jungle.
Charles will buy something for breakfast and supper for Mary on his way home. He will also make pancakes today.
Joan invites Vivi to lunch in town today.
Nick will come over to Jean-Paul's tomorrow after 6 pm to check out the laptop Jean-Paul is selling.
Anna is crazy about the new song.
Nathan will be 10 minutes late.
Donna is looking for a tennis coach. Carol wants to go play tennis too.
Margaret, Nancy, Lisa, George, Amanda and William will meet tonight.
Margaret will grab some pizza for Paul.
Felix's coming to Berlin on 21st and is staying there till the end of the month. Felix and Roxy agree to hit rigoletto.
They joke about sex being a sinful endeavour.
Jane and Kayla saw Phillip's backpack in the office.
Rosie is going to lend Carl 10 dollars.
Laura's cat, Mew is not feeling well, so she will give him some warmed up tuna or boiled up chicken breasts. She might take him to the vet.
Mindy is going to prepare the sauce for steaks according to Mia's recipe.
Darcy is going to the library while Julia is going to the gym. Julia is going to join Darcy in two hours.
Violet sent Claire Austin's article.
Cindy was taking minutes at the staff meeting last week. Bill lost his roster and doesn't have Cindy's number. Mike texts Cindy's number to Bill. Bill might have to prepare a report for the next meeting, but is not sure as he lost his notes. The next meeting is in 2 days. Bill will contact Cindy.
The lecture begins at 10.
Andy was on holiday. Carly suggests that they should go together for a cruise holiday. They want to take a balcony suite. Andy and Carly arranged a meeting on  Friday to discuss their holiday.
The government found £1billion to help the DUP while they decided to give less than £1 a citizen for charity.
Vanessa is going to spend 4 days in Florence. Darcy recommends a restaurant called Trattoria Boboli near the Ponte Vecchio and suggests they visit Siena. Natalie might be able to give further recommendations.
Pete sent Mike a picture of Pete's new baseball shirt.
Annie can't fall asleep. Brad is watching the new Netflix original, "the chilling adventures of sabrina." Annie will make a cup of warm milk and try to sleep.
Mary can't cover for Adam because she is stuck at home with Gill, who has a flu. Joe will cover for Adam.
Alex can't go out tonight with Mia, because he got sick.
Chris injured his hip when he fell in the snow in March.
Lydia haven't seen '13 reasons why'. Clara recommends it very much. Hannah didn't like the series, but she found it interesting. Lydia will give '13 reasons why' a chance.
Assissi is angry with him because he forgot about going to the restaurant with Assissi.
Eddie prepared some horror movies and Ethan'll bring some beer. Eddie informs Ethan that he bought a pool table for $200 and they can play afterwards.
Kristen is going to the prom. She consults her outfit with Dana, Ray and Will.
Billy forgot his anniversary with Stephanie. They don't spend time together lately, because after the promotion Bill has a heavy workload. He called earlier to say he may be late.
Artur will make a bank transfer for the deposit tomorrow. He has also sent his dad his flight number to Warsaw. So far Artur has passed 10 out of 13 exams.
Lucy will be in town tomorrow and she will meet with George.
Tim has recently changed his phone and doesn't have all of his contacts yet. Bart came back from Bulgaria yesterday. Tim considered meeting Bart in Wroclaw as he is already in Poland. Tim is back in Cracow now, but he's leaving for Canada tomorrow for 3 weeks.
Lisa has been on two dates recently with different guys.
Randy and Abigail will spend the weekend in the spa. The children will stay with their grandparents, Jack and Mia.
Britney will visit Port Bar in Port Town on Jessica's recommendation. Jessica is spending her vacation at her parents' summer house. Britney is invited to visit Jessica there. Jessica is coming back on Tuesday.
Noah and Olivia will be out of town for this weekend, and they will not see Hugh Jackman at the restaurant.
Alice and John need to write a letter in German and study for the test in geometry.
Alice has a problems with changing the size of the photos. Jack will help Alice do that within the next two days.
Henry doesn't have that red shirt.
Ian has just finished the book. Evan will tell him tomorrow what to read next.
There is a lot to be done in the room of Johnson and Wade. Johnson arranged a man to come and fix it but Wade seems to have forgotten.
Thomas lent his iPad to Jeff. It seems that Jeff has gone missing and changed his phone number. Thomas has no other choice than to wait for Jeff's reply.
Sil wants to take dancing lessons before her wedding. She plans to start on Wednesday. Adam, her fiancé, refuses.
Sara is coming to Silvia's apartment tonight around 22:30. There is an iron, hairdryer, towels, maps, cutlery etc. there. Silvia's sister Catia will be waiting with the keys. Sara will pay the deposit and the tax (60 euro) in cash to her. Catia does not speak English, but her husband does.
Scott just came back with some stuff to fix the door, but he didn't see the broken window before.
Winston will have the data filled by tonight. Marie and Peter think it is better not to rely on predicted numbers, and use 2014 instead. Winston will prepare slides, and he will have it ready before the class.
Leo wants to learn Spanish and he needs advice on language learning apps. They discuss Duolingo, Memrize and Pimsleur, which is good because it makes you talk.
Cyla is going to bed. Max and Cyla will see each other tomorrow.
Barbara invited John for drinks at Scolt's Head at 17.15. John accepted the invitation.
Ben and Mandy are going to Gwen's home which is in K-710 in Ben and Gwen's colony.
They discuss lesbians living together and how it compares to heterosexual couples living together.
Matthew, Denis and Jack will meet tomorrow at 5 p.m. outside.
Samanta got married.
Veronica has sent Paul Donaghy a friend requests on Facebook. Paul Donaghy wanted to verify if she really did, as he had received several request from hacked accounts.
Isla went shopping today. She bought shoes, jewellery, 2 tops, a handbag and a clutch at a good price. Amelia and Isla will go shopping tomorrow.
Jack will finish doing his homework in 2 hours. Jack and Blaire will go jogging in the park together.
Ben is going to be later, at 12:30 PM due to flight cancellation. Alexander will try to find Owen in Malinche.
The homework for Dr. Leapington is due tomorrow and consists of writing a summary of the article that was given to the students. This time the summary has to be structured in points and sub-points.
Jenny invites Anne and Marianne to the New Year's Eve that she's organising with her friends from the Academy of Fine Arts. The festivity begins at 8 pm and everyone's bringing some vegan food.
Posey and Matt are going skiing for the weekend. Ash is busy and can't go. Cooper would like to join in the future.
Harry won't play football today, because he has to help his mother. Marcus is not playing in the match, because there is too many players.
Ben needs to print a contract urgently, but the printer is out of ink and there are no more cartridges. Ben will come to Amy's office to copy the contract onto his pen drive. Amy has ordered new cartridges.
Nia will have to take the first shift tomorrow. She has a doctor appointment at 11, but it's not far from the restaurant. It shouldn't take more than 2 hours, so Pearlie will fill in for her. Jeanette can't take that shift, because she has to stay with her kid.
Yoseph turned on the dishwasher and is out in the city now. Henry will join Yoseph after he finishes work.
Caroline has planned the whole trip. They arrive at 4, take a 40 min bus ride to the hotel. Then they change and go for a walk around the Vatican City. The next day they will get up around 7:30 and see the castle of Saint Angel, the Di Trevi fountain, Spanish Steps, Piazza Navona and the Colosseum.
Alice and Dylan will go shopping on the first weekend of December. They want to buy Santa gifts for their kids.
Dane recommends his friends a drawing tutorial. It's affordable and very helpful.
Lennon will buy dinner for Sue and Andy on his way home. Andy wants cod and chips, and Sue will go with steak, kidney pie and chips.
Bob is in New York. Elie will come and pick him up from his hotel at 9 am tomorrow. He will meet her team and Barbara.
Elisabeth has done her assignment bar 5 questions. Anthony has not started his yet.
Cindy has just bought concert tickets for her and Mandy.
Lidia is waiting for Caesar and Tom outside Tesco.
Lucian has rare tickets to an ice skating performance next month and invites Emilia to join him. His sister can't come because of a trip.
Nuno is giving out some of his stuff as he's decluttering his house. Yoyo will get Dixit and blue Magic the Gathering deck. Sasuka will take posters. Neville will be given a red and a blue shirt.
Adam and Will are going to Paddys at 7.
Danny has a gig at the Steelworks next Wednesday. Gab will help him with loading and unloading of the gear. They will meet at the venue at 1 PM.
Jake is flabbergasted that Mom knew where his charger is.
Javier will be at a meeting with Jake in 5 minutes.
Max is going to MoMA with Lydia as she has 2 free tickets for tomorrow at 2 pm.
Next month, Amanda's cousin is getting married to another woman, who she met through a dating app a year ago. The family doesn't have any problem with that. Patrick, Amanda's brother, also got married to someone of the same sex and lives with his husband in Boston.
Will is going to town to get new clothes. Kai wants to borrow money from Will. Kai already owes Will money. Will and Kai settle the debt on 40 pounds. Kai promises to pay Will back next Friday as then he will get paid for his new job. Will will pick Kai up around 1.
Dan wants Jenny to help him, because he has ran out of milk.
Tonight James will stay at home, listen to music and read. Frank asks about coming to the party, but instead of answering, James points out some minor mistakes in his spelling and punctuation.
Jessica is looking for a flat. Sergio's friend is letting out his studio.
Peter is reading about ecoterrorism and has thoughts about the future of humankind.
Adrian will have a job interview this Thursday at 12:00.
Harry is looking for an Android app that allows one to listen to music from YouTube with the screen off. He won't find them, as YouTube blocks such apps, because they violate some copyright. Harry and Jim agree that there are too many advertisements on YouTube.
Jadwiga will finish the project at 12.00 tomorrow. Since the deadline was for 8.00, Lloyd will remember about it when calculating her monthly bonuses.
Javier congratulated Wally on writing a valuable Facebook post.
There was an odd German at the party yesterday who resembled Harry Potter. Nick looks like Hagrid.
Meghan wonders if Fong Ould would like some coffee. Ashley confirms.
Mike shares a photo of the home he lived in from 1988 until now. He's moving because he starts a new life with Linda.
Lore is going to return to the hostel so she can climb the mountain early in the morning. Gina would like to stay at the street celebrations. She also wants to climb the mountain so might go back after all.
Daniel got a commission outside Liv, a kitchen with stone worktops, to be finished within 10 days and paid in cash.
Liam and Alexander find the video Tom sent strange.
David and Ryan will go to Harvey's place at 9pm tonight to see the ritual. Tommy has the deadline today so he will be working.
Veronica bought a new phone last year, but wants to buy the new iPhone. She prefers the smaller model in a rose gold casing. The new iPhone is very expensive. Veronica will probably borrow money or take a loan to buy the phone.
Peter will check for Theresa if it's snowing, once he gets up.
Harvey is not coming tonight.
Brenda is coming by train to Birmingham at 11.30 am on Saturday. Sandra will pick her up from the station around 11.45. They will go to Dolphin Hotel on Castle Street, because Jollys closed.
Becky has won a smaller prize at the lottery. To celebrate, she will go for drinks with Julie.
Georgina and Molly are about to cross the border to Laos. John is envious.
Monica forgot Stan's books. Stan needs them on Friday. Monica has to bring them tomorrow.
Niall wants to buy a new phone. He wants an inexpensive Android. He will speak to Jack soon.
Karen shared a photo of drunk Steve with Mike.
Mary shares a photo of her new kitchen with her Dad Dan and Rose. Work on Mary's new house is not finished, they are still working on the guest bathroom. She has already bought all the materials. The countertop in her kitchen is quartz.
Aubrey and Anne are going to a clothing outlet to find a prom dress for Aubrey.
Linta will send Ayesha the picture of Adam's shoes. Ayesha will buy the same shoes for Joseph after Sunday.
Horacy and Flora are going iceskating tomorrow. Horacy will pick her up from school at 3.
It's sunny and warm. Tom and June will meet in an hour for a walk in the Central Park.
Mina is looking for a shop she has been told about. It is nearby Chace's house. Chace will pick Mina up.
Arthur and Harper had a science test. They both agree that the question with ships was bizarre and could have been better phrased.
Isla will be picking Jacob up at 7. Emily hasn't confirmed if she's coming.
Boris is going for a smoke in 5 min. Derren doesn't smoke.
Doreen's heart operation has gone well, but she remains on ICU for observation. John will contact Angie and Nancy when Doreen can receive visitors.
Sophie is shocked at the fact that Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson broke up.
Ella is coming.
Lync and Brock will watch the upcoming episode of Prison Break together ar Lync's.
Alex will bring the free face cream samples for Maya and Jonna to the next fitness class.
If one reads comic books, graphic novels or watches films about superheroes, he/she becomes a better person. According to the article, superheroes reflect people's best qualities.
Nick and Josh will try to play golf together next weekend.
Edward bought a computer yesterday but it doesn't work. He will contact the seller.
Liz and Fiona are disgusted with something.
Stacy throws a dress up party. Chritina wants to show her black dress off. She will dress up as Maleficent. She will bring wine.
Sophie, Patrick and Claire will make a pizza together tonight.
Carlos is finishing up his assignment. He will come to Luca's room and they will go to eat.
Arnold Schwarzeneger was an expert in one of the panel discussions at the climate summit in Poland. He said out of the blue that he owns 6 hammers.
Jim is going to be late. The trafiic is terrible.
Miles is mad at Addison because she bought stickers for Jojo. He's afraid Jojo will mess the house with them.
Carolyn calls people and asks for donations. Phoebe can't afford to make a donation this time, so she won't pick up the phone.
Jada favourited Melina. Melina wrote a poem. Jada posted some stories on FictionPress but didn't make it to the finals of the competition. She can't join any after-school clubs.
Layla is feeling better now and realises she shouldn't have drunk so much.
Jill has clothes to give away. Sonia and Hillary will come to hers on Thursday at 7:30.
The last time Kerry was there he was with Paula. Not much has changed there. There is more fast food there.
Samuel got drops that he should take two or three times a day. A handwritten note was attached to the package, which he found very thoughtful. Carter advised him to take two drops before bedtime.
Mary, Tom and Jeff will meet on Friday to discuss the visit to Peter.
Gail doesn't want to meet up with James.
Jim will be there in 5 minutes.
Leila's laptop is overheating. Joel will help her.
Lilly has been googling herself. She found embarrassing photos of herself from the high school.
Tom's mum cooked some soup.
Matthew is getting the shower resealed at Nevaeh and Carlos' house.
Jack and Betty met at a party. They're going to the cinema to watch a romantic comedy next Tuesday.
They're planning to close Victory Street for reconstruction. There are going to be traffic jams which worries Tim and Rob, because they commute. Joe walks to work every day.
Toni's pants are in his top drawer.
Ben got laid off because of insufficient monthly sales.
Amanda asks Joe if he could send her his biology notes. Joe will send the notes via e-mail. The test is in two weeks.
It is nearly 10 am but Devin is not up yet and needs at least one hour to get ready. Jermaine will be in his place in 45 minutes.
Thomas wants to meet Page. It's impossible, because she came back to her hometown.
Robert and Seth are working on their projects. Seth has to finish his this week because he will be travelling to Berlin next week.
Jane is a little bit disappointed with the Mary Queen of Scots movie. Jules will see it anywas.
Patric and John are meeting up at 9pm at Market Square.
Sally may organize an autumn baloon flight and Rachel may join her.
Pete, Patty, Kim and Josh will go to the beach on the leeward coast in the morning. They will go to windward coast beach in the afternoon.
Jake and his friend from Chicago want to bike across Europe to the Balkans in the summer. Jake is considering several routes, one of which involves Poland and Ukraine. On one of the routes Jake would pass through the place where Emily grew up.
Kate and Mary are meeting at 7pm at Mary's place. Kate will leave her car there, because Paul will drive them back from town.
Ina took £10 from Eddie for a doctor's appointment. Eddie wants to come for her later, but she doesn't need it.
Earl and Marcos will wait inside for Aaron who missed his bus.
Simone has so many projects to do that she doesn't have time for her proper work. Joseph is in Nantes, but he doesn't find anything interesting in the archive there. Only Marry is pleased with her work results.
Bruce needs to change a job soon because of Mr. Hawkins.
yyy
Ralph has asked Leah to come to his office on her way back from the kitchen.
Gabe is coming over to Larry's to play games on PS4.
Bianca wants Marya to pick up Sheldon from school at around 3.30. Marya will be on time.
Nobody likes Summer's new hair style. Max likes them straight.
Dave will take care of Carrie's car and bring them lunch. Dave wants Carrie to ease up on her working hour.
George needs toilet paper.
Susie is in bed with her laptop.
Poppy will let Stanley know if she needs more jars. Stanley and Poppy don't know if they have a meeting this week.
Mum is in Sainsbury's. Sue asks her to buy 2 small candle bulbs for new lamps.
Noemi and Ricky just met. They had sex. Noemi came back home safe and sound. She wouldn't stay at Rick's. She prefers sleeping in her own bed.
Kris broke into lady Pratchet's house and stole a glove as a souvenir.
Ida wants to get a ticket for a concert for her sister. Mark will see what he can do about it. He is afraid the tickets have sold out.
Noah will be late, he's in a traffic jam.
John will come to New Year's Eve party and bring a salad.
Nnadi feels great thanks to the new Japanese Joint Pain Relief Formula. Debbie made some without garlic and Olivia wants to try it.
Brexit vote is being postponed. Linda and Jack are tired of politicians dragging it out.
Mattie is broke as he had to pay a lot for the dentist.
Chris was at a wild party. The worst thing that happened was cooking Luke's most valuable fish, Nemo.
Diego talks Greg out of his conspiracy theories about the moon landing scam.
Carter and Talbot are going to see some standup on Saturday. Ulf and Barton don't like it, so they're meeting for a beer instead.
Sally will drop by Jo's at 3pm to help her.
Dan is interested in buying Rob's car. Dan will go to Cardiff on Sunday to see it.
Stowe is bored.
Mandy's cat is called Miranda.
Olaf will go with Hugo to a game this Saturday at 4 PM. They will meet at 3 PM near the A1 Gate.
Hannah wants Monopoly board game. According to Ridge, an improved version of this game is worth considering.
As coffee at the university is rather expensive, James has been thinking about buying a portable electric kettle to boil water in the classroom. Lily thinks it's not a good idea.
Caroline and Justina went to a gala tonight and both looked amazing.
Tilda has no motivation to study. She has a test in ten days. Agnes sends her some music suitable for studying. Tilda will give it a chance,
The transportation has been arranged so Luca and Jake in full uniform and Rhonda in civilian clothes are meeting at 4.30. Jake's still waiting for his laundry so he has to make sure at the reception the clothes are ready on time. They have a 25% discount at the hotel.
Alan's got a surprise for Mindy.
Helene had a disagreement with her manager and she reported it. Helene will probably get a reprimand. Kolby hopes Helene won't lose her job.
Wyatt is taking a week off and wants to stay at home watching movies and playing games. Avery needs holiday too.
The meeting starts at 9.a.m. Raymond expects Zack and Sharon ten minutes earlier.
Ben isn't doing anything today. Kevin has a lot to do today.
The history classes that Nathaniel, Patrick and Peter attend will be at 2 p.m. from now on.
Gustav have a parrot, it doesn't talk but sings. Vinnie finds it sweet.
Terence thinks he's seriously sick but she hasn't gone to the doctor's yet.
Alice left a tablet on the plane after she landed in London. Naomi is going to do some yoga and eat lunch.
Chloe got into grad school. Patrick is proud of Chloe. Chloe and Patrick are going out tonight around 10 pm.
Fiona has found it.
Declan asks Charlie for Agatha Cooke's phone number and is informed that it is  765 938 451. Neither Declan nor Charlie know how to login to the dropbox and it is not clear what they are supposed to do, so Charlie suggests they have another meeting.
Marge forgot about lunch with Fernando. She'll be there in less than 15 minutes.
Mom and Dad are not home to prepare food for Robert. Robert is hungry but he cannot go to the Woodies for dinner. Mom will be home shortly.
Eve invited Mary for horse-riding in Smarzewo. They are going to meet at the shops on Friday at 5 P.M.
Fedora is having a cosmetics consultant tonight so Jonas wants Shayla to join. Shayla will let him konw if she can make it.
Jiovanni is sleeping in classes because he has been playing World of Warcraft. Marcel warned Jiovanni that he may fail the exams if he won't study.
Greg and his partner have urgent matters to solve at work today. Linda will babysit for them.
John has stocked up on beer for tomorrow. Paul and John are meeting tomorrow after 8 pm.
Alexis is not coming to town because she has 1 dollar and the fare is 1.5.
Mike is going to the gym after work. Then he's going home and he will eat and play Destiny 2 with Jason.
Bob and Jen discuss their dinner plans. They want to prepare sushi. Jen would have to go to the store to get the products. She wants to order it from amazon. Bob agrees.
Sarah will write an update about the theme of the Christmas party - Misunderstood Carols - on the event page.
Adam cancelled an event. Dave is going to stay at home with Gaby, who has a flu. Gina is sick too, even though she, Liam and Kirsten had their flu shots in October.
Morton wants to go to Dubai as he's found a cheap flight next Thursday. Hettie's brother was there last year. Oberon and Peyton suggest he talks to Vinnie first.
Ariana is in London and Danielle recommends her some places to visit.
Sandra is sick and is taking the medication prescribed by the doctor.
Sammy Brown is going to bring two basketfuls of cooking apples and one basketful of dessert apples for Mary Woodson in the afternoon.
Barbara congratulates Vera an anniversary. Barbara has an anniversary too and she can't wait the to see what surprise John prepared for her. Vera is going on a date to celebrate her anniversary.
Terry is in Brussels, he's leaving tomorrow morning. Theresa is going to Brussels again tomorrow. She's marrying Paul on Friday as a formality to get the Belgian citizenship after Brexit. Jean will celebrate with Theresa on Friday night.
Michael saw John's register with Ava, who wanted to copy notes.
Mark has a weekend off so wants to go to the botanics. Mark and Julie agree on Saturday afternoon. Jo isn't sure at the moment and will give Julie a call later.
Denise is moving to the new apartment, which will be closer to the uni. Jess broke up with her boyfriend and she wants to move to Warsaw, so Denise won't be able to pay the rent alone. Denise has her last class at 6, so her mum will call her on Skype at 8.30. Dad will be home soon too.
Jonathan doesn't want to go on the field trip, but it's mandatory. The group work will be marked and he needs to impress to pass the class.
Jocelyn is afraid of a big spider she found.
Sisi wishes Dr Phisik's lecture was cancelled just like the last time, but he is already back. Sisi and Bobo are overwhelmed with the material they need to study for his exam, so they won't miss this class.
Rob will pick up Hazel with his car. Evan takes an uber.
It's very cold in Hugh's apartment. Frank will help him find a contractor to put is a modern glass door. This will make the apartment warmer.
Mia got her Facebook account back to sell her bed on one of Facebook groups.
Irma just got her Master's degree. Helen and the whole family are proud of her.
Conor thinks Jill is hitting on him as she gives him a lot of eye contact. Conor doesn't like her and will ignore her as Carson advised him to do.
Erin has thrown up because she is hungover. Jacob advises drinking water and taking a nap.
Lolly's 4-year-old son was watching the weather channel this morning as he has a crush on the girl who appears there.
Lia will join Maria and Tom at the canteen.
Pete is showing Mike his new baseball shirt and Mike likes it.
William and Shari have mistakenly received wishes for 29th birthday. William isn't going to the reunion.
Tom's friend shopped too much and owes the bank around 100k. Sam spends around 2k a month.
Mary is pregnant. Mary has just split with Simon.
Jim, Derek and Patricia have no internet connection. Derek will call the provider.
She sent some pictures how to arrive, but they are not readable. Tristan is going there by car. He will join Shelby in 15-20 minutes at the petrol station and show her the way.
The pizza for Lucas, Mike and Bella has arrived. It's downstairs.
Ann, Marie and Silvia will stay in Corralejo tomorrow. They will go to the beach.
Nicole's dog Trixy is sick. She stayed at home to take care of it. Quinn and Delilah might come later to keep her company.
Joe is going to Kiev and the rest of Ukraine in January by train. His friend, Leo, will help him. Luke worries about the cost and immigration procedures. He will check his exam dates before giving an answer by the end of the week..
Karen has a job interview this afternoon.
Konnor spends most of his time on YouTube watching Liza Koshy's channel. Dermi wants a link to it.
Lilianne, Jeremy, Stephen and Matthew are going to the party on Thursday at 9 PM. Josephine's mom is sick so she'll probably have to go home on Thursday.
Yonas is driving to Calgs for Christmas and can give JC a ride.
Rose got her period so she cannot swim. Gina shared with Rose her period playlist on Spotify.
Gina orders Hank to buy flowers.
Dora can't come to Kev's party. Her mum's ill and she has to take care of Lucy.
Danielle and Haley are disappointed with the way "House of Cards" ended. They agree it was not the same without Kevin Spacey's character.
Zelda and Leisha came back from a scout camp. They had their first shower in 10 days. They would like to go for the next camp, but their parents probably won't let them. In winter scouts don't sleep in tents but in empty schools or government buildings etc.
She has a friend, Joanna, who posts a lot on social media. Gail and Julia would never do that.
Amanda lost her swimming costume. If she can't find one, Joiner and she will go for a walk.
Kate wants Gina to buy it because it's cheap.
Richard is supposed to call Tom's mother.
Jacob is sending Emily the streaming site for the UEFA final. Jacob is supporting Real Madrid. Emily is supporting Liverpool.
Ada will come to Gigi at about noon tomorrow to get a spath. Gigi is at home with a baby.
Hunter is flying to Paris on Dec 26th, Evan on the 27th. Thomas has found a 25€ flight for the 26th. It will cost more than 50 with luggage.
Camilla and Cindy will come to Domenico's work at 9 pm.
Doylan is wondering when he should party, and when to go home. He considers going home on Friday and partying on Saturday.
According to Jules, Elsa accesories will make a good present. She works less now. Anna is preparing for the Friday's exam.
Matthew needs Michael to respond to Mr. Nicholson's demand.
Thomas bought a 2004 Ford Focus 1.4 on Wednesday. He needs to get his licence and some practice to be able to work in service desk on-call role. The car works in the UK and in Ireland as well.
Thomas is informing Marshall that Broderick Spencer accessed the lab last night. Thomas doesn't want Marshall to talk to anyone about it as it'll turn out he has the backup system, which is forbidden by his agreement. Instead Marshall can control Broderick closely and even spy on him.
Charlie is in New York. Rachel will see Charlie when he's back in a week.
Estrella is going to try and get a job in Lisbon for 2 months commencing late June or July. When in Lisbon, Estrella will meet Maximilian. If Estrella does not get a job, she will come to Portugal anyway and stay in Sintra for 2 weeks then head to Faro.
Too general; no specific info.
Rose's birthday is on July 7. Bessie is trying not to forget about it this year.
Olivia got a job offer for Project Manager position in Rennes. They offer her 40k per year. She doesn't know yet if she wants this job.
Kathryn is thinking of buying a game with music practice for Ron's birthday next year.
Austin, Cara and Dwight will meet at Shabu-shabu around 4 pm.
Amelia will return Frank's jacket tomorrow.
Denise's mom is still in the hospital, but she feels better now. She will get some treatment and she will be released.
Hugh is running late to the cinema. Walter is already inside and the ads are already on.
Sally and Kelly have a hen party tomorrow. They will drink prosecco on the train, which departs to Cardiff at 10:10.
Noelle will get some juice for Buck. It can be any juice apart from grapefruit.
Martha wants a banana juice. Sebastian thinks Martha has a period. His remark makes her angrier.
Dad went to Niagara-on-the-Lake on Sunday. Dad's pain has moved from his back to his right foot. Dad has been to the doctor. Bobby will find the title of a book with exercises and text it to Dad.
Rob needs help in deciding whether to delete pending posts on the group or not.
Alice will probably buy a PS game for Bryan for Christmas. Ava hates buying presents for boys.
Dylan is headlining the music fest in Hyde Park. Iris is going to see him. Liam hates Dylan's voice.
Aisha suspects Megan of snooping around in her bedroom. She can smell her perfume. Megan doesn't admit to doing that. Aisha considers locking her bedroom.
Greg and Sophie broke up in a dramatic way in front of their co-workers. Now Greg wants to split a 180-dollar bill for a dinner they ate together. He wants to meet at the same restaurant and get his money in cash.
John is arriving in Madrid at 7pm on the 29th instead of the 28th, and Marcela and Pablo are leaving Madrid also on the 29th from T2. They check in at 22, so there's a chance they meet anyways at the bar.
Leonard's father bought a smartphone. Leonard is teaching him how to use WhatsApp.
Mark has just bought a new Mody CD.
Talia and Olga hate going outside. They disapprove of the men you can meet there.
Martha informs Jane that she can bring Jag whenever she wants as they're home. Jane's going to watch the play with the girls. Martha wants to join them and asks Jane to book two tickets for them. Jane'll book the tickets tomorrow and Martha'll pay for it on Wednesday.
Rachel wasn't picking up her phone because it's been on mute since 3 years. This way she's in control of when she wants to talk to people. Rose is calling her again now.
Oscar sent Marta a link with the program of todays conference.
Kenya's phone is finally updating after Jamie's advice
Ben will give Jayde back one of her English books.
Somebody's stressed, probably because he has to spend time with the family.
This time Yuri didn't start the fight. Grey has got Yuri's back.
Will is in Cancun and he is drinking bloody marys. He spent time mostly partying and enjoying the weather, food and drinks. He tried many types of tequila and avocados, which he will bring for his friends. Except from chocolate tequila and avocado, Lu also wants a magnet.
Kieran haven't filed his taxes for 3 months and he owes 10 dollars.
Mona and Lisa are going to the new pub called Museum on High Street Saturday night.
Olympia bought stickers at aliexpress.
Gigi is doing the mand, Kia - the landmarks and Kiko - notes for the landmarks. They meet at 7 at Kiko's.
Dale's new sleeping pills are working well. Rory is cold all the time and hates it as it makes him lazy. Dale finds the new Clinton documentary interesting and recommends the comedy series "Curb Your Enthusiasm" to Rory. Rory recommends an investigative series "The Sinner".
Greg has eaten Emilie's yoghurt by accident. She's mad.
The prices for the archeological site are: 37$ for a 1-day pass, 3-day pass – US$ 62 and 7-day pass – US$ 72.
Maria will turn on the heating.
Frank is going to collect his car around 5 PM from MOT test station.
It's snowing outside. Rory wants to go skiing and will find out if she can get the car from her dad today.
Rodger and Sidney registered to vote. They want the Democrats to win to recover from Trump. Sidney is seeing Rodger to grab Mexican food in 10 minutes.
Alice is at Magda's place. Mark can't join them today and on Friday because of work. He would like to meet on Sunday.
Mary is looking for someone who does good make ups. Alex recommends someone who works at some commercial stuff. Kate recommends her sister. Mary will call both of them.
According to the article that Sam has posted, reading comic books and watching superhero movies makes us better people, because we want to identify with the protagonists and we try to be like them.
Everybody's at the airport apart from Joan. There was a traffic jam, but she should be there in 30 minutes. Maria, Lore and the rest will start a group security procedure without her. She'll behave just like a regular passenger.
Drake and Brett have a business meeting at 2 pm in room 214. Drake will present slides 11, 15 to 20, Ashley slide 10 and Brett will take notes.
Fay will check the mailbox when leaving for work to check if Steven's Amazon order has arrived.
Kate's red lipstick is from Rimmel.
Alexis, Jacob, Greg, and Katie are looking for John. John's flight appears to be delayed. John should get in touch within the next 2 hours.
It is cold and snowing. Lawrie was there on Monday. Mrs. Shotter, the tenant, cleared the drive and would do it again. Dad will get her a bottle of rum or cigars from Cuba. Mrs. Shotter smokes occasionally. Dad is going to the beach right now.
Donna is eager to see the new superhero movie Venom with Tom Hardy. Bruce is surprised as to what girls see in this actor. Donna wants to see the film because she likes Marvel stories. She suggests that Bruce joins her.
Meredith's neck still hurts but it is not getting worse.
Carmen and Mallory will go to Victoria's Secret as soon as possible to take advantage of the upcoming discount week.
Gia needs Angelo's help proofreading her thesis that's due in 4 days.
Shaniqua warns Raul not to cheat on her, as she's watching him.
Bob will call Daryl after work to set the date for the National Art Museum visit.
David was offered to work for the company as a freelancer from Spain. He broke the only copy of the project they had.
Jerry has seen a three-mast ship on holidays and wonders what that kind of ship is called. Julius and Kurt try to answer his question, but are not sure of the correct name.
Alec informs Alan about heavy rains in Boston.
Reggie has moved to London and is settling in well. Rob suggests a meet up when Reggie is back in town.
Robert's wallet is in the kitchen.
Jay bought a hockey stick.
Hanna will follow Alex's advice and take the silver voucher.
Kit wants Sam to watch the last episode of the Game of Thrones, but he is behind because of his girlfriend, Katie.
Tony landed. He didn't have Internet connection. Pankracy is waiting in the car, outside of the airport.
Laurel is going to pick her grandma from the hospital on Sunday so Bree will cover for her.
Harry will fly to Poland for Christmas. Gabriel and Arthur will talk on Skype at 4 PM on Saturday.
Ann and Leon are both very excited. Ann is on her way to the airport.
Kathy bought a sweater today.
Alex, Derek, Paula and Bailey haven't been talking much lately. Bailey is busy with playing on PS4.
Lewis' boss is sending him on a business trip to Finland for two weeks.
Sam and Edd got irritated by Carl's superficial approach to the case.
Monica is a Senior Recruitment Consultant from TGC World, which is looking for Polish interpreter/translators. Anna is interested in positions with Spanish and English as a second language. Monica asks Anna to send her Anna's CV. Anna wants to earn around 100 eur/day. Anna can start any time.
Becky is still on the subway. She's stood at Franklin Av. station for 25 minutes, because there was a fire somewhere.
Lauren will bring Tim, her new boyfriend to dinner at her mum's place on Saturday. Tom, her last boyfriend broke up with her. Lauren met Tim on the train.
John is at the balcony. Erin is listening to James.
Dorothy and Christian are meeting today. Jackie might come too. They will probably watch something. Dorothy is making pizza. Christian has never tried Dorothy's pizza. Dorothy and Christian have known each other for 5 years.
Nora will see Martin at his place tonight and she'll bring wine.
Renovation works at Gillian's and Brad's new apartment are taking too long. They do not like the attitude of the owner of Ferguson Renovations but have to cope with him because they are pressed for time.
Alex has lost 5 pounds of weight. Alex recommends her diet to Rita.
Charles and Eddie are going to Jim's party. Martha and Harry are not sure because they didn't like Jim's last party. They had to order pizza and pay for it because Jim didn't buy anything to eat.
Christopher, Joan, Lindsay, Brian and Kenneth have to prepare a project. Brian is willing to present in front of the class and make a PowerPoint presentation. Joan proposes a way to divide the work that everybody agree on. Joan proposes a meeting in person.
Evelyn got a rubic's cube for her birthday.
Alex advises Olivia on the purchase of a used bike online. It's relevant that the bike fits her height.
Elisabeth got a new car from her dad as a 20th birthday present. Natasha had to work for hers for the whole summer.
Tim sent Tom and Tam some pictures from his trip to Albania. On the one photo there is him, Jackie and Ilva, the Albanian girl they met at the hotel.
Mykonos is a popular gay destination. Maria loves gay clubs.
Mark was too busy to reply to Alyssa's message yesterday.
Johnny doesn't want Jack to come over because his girl will be here in a few minutes.
Molly disliked the MRI she just had, even though she got a sedative because of her claustrophobia. Her blood pressure dropped after the PVC was inserted. The scan took 40 min and the results will be available in 2 weeks.
Eddy is selling his speaker JBL at 15. Andy is not interested.
Janine is angry at Mario for not helping out around the house. Mario cleaned the kitchen for her.
Lydia and Jessica are coming to Sarah's yoga practice.
Mila bought a new laptop for $1650 as in her previous one the keypad died. Mila's new laptop has the 8th generation processor (i7), 16gb RAM, 120gb SSD, 1t HDD and the graphics card is geforce 1060.
Jasmine was at the doctor and she got antibiotics, so Ken decided to come home earlier.
Ronald feels basic products got very expensive. Most of the butter production gets exported which raises the price. Ronald is 25 and regrets he didn't study programming.
Robert has extra 2% off for a selection of stones.
Sarah is already on the bus so Teddy should hurry up.
Jess cannot talk right now.
Sam hates the assignment he has to do. His friends cheers him up.
Rachel will not make it for the consultations with Mrs. Johnson today, but she will send her the 3rd chapter via email. They will discuss it next time.
Bruce might like what is on BBC 1 right now.
Rick will drop by at Johnson's in 40 minutes.
Charles will join Isis in La Playa for Sunday Funday in 30 minutes..
Fiona met Lisa in Portugal. They were partying all weekend. They were supposed to go back on Sunday. They boarded the wrong plane and ended up in Spain because of fatigue.
Cheryl and Michael are going to meet around 9 am on Tuesday morning.
Jim will buy garlic and cheap white wine in the grocery. He and Cathie are going to cook sea food tonight.
Meghan helps Kate with legal English translation. Meghan and Kate will meet next week.
Nina offers Josh and Nick her help with the project.
Butterball will not be coming because he was bullied at school. Pump Truck will not be coming either.
Charles and Alex's boss will be there at 11.
Kevin and Isla are experiencing very slow computer systems today.
Jo is waiting for him to call her. Two days ago he send her a message that he was terribly busy and hasn't contacted her since then.
Kim and Evan will meet in an hour for a glass of wine in the corner of 4th and Evergreen.
Adam is at the bus stop. Kate will come there to pick up Adam.
Omar wants to buy a Samsung Galaxy s5 as a Christmas gift for Rachel.
Philip hurt Megan's feelings and made her upset, but she's getting better. Philip is sorry. Megan will spend the weekend alone to think things over, but will meet with Philip after Sunday.
Emma wants to buy a new laptop and asks Will for advice. She definitely doesn't want MacBook. Will recommends her Toshiba or Lenovo. Since Emma is not really up-to-date with technology, they will meet at the store on Saturday to select the best one together.
Sophia wants Thomas to buy a Japanese pumpkin at the grocery shop.
Thornton has the flu and won't come to work tomorrow. Pendleton, Kenyon, and Landon will have to do the project without him.
Violet added curry spice an turmeric and it's ready.
Dagmar and Waldemar are not in the mood for working today. Dagmar suggests sleeping, but Waldemar needs to take Teresa for a walk first.
Bary doesn't have a headache. Kate slept quite well. Bary and Kate will meet around 3:00 in a park in Wilanów.
Daniel and Sally enjoy "The Americans" but Daniel dislikes Page. They both prefer Keri Russel in "The Americans" than "Felicity". They both were disappointed with "Homeland".
Aziz and Darren decided to go to the gym and to a pub afterwards.
Gina couldn't give John's phone number to Ellie because she didn't have it.
Parker, Tom and Greg have watched the game.
Amelia has just met Alanis Morissette. Her song brings back memories to Amelia and Logan.
Tanner has lost his phone contacts.
Ann and Peter won't go on holiday with Lena and Jorge because they have different expectations.
Bob wants to meet on Saturday. Kate won't make it, but they will be in touch. Bob suggests to meet at the Barrel at 6 ish. Vicky will be there and she will bring someone with her. Jason is laughing at her. Larry is telling him off.
Paul will help Hiram with homework.
Jenna invited everybody for the birthday party, including Roberta, Yuki and Marika, but people don't like Jenna.
Alisha and Alexi will meet on Wednesday at 4 pm by the entrance to Costa Coffee in the city centre.
Gary and Albert will have some beer tomorrow.
Theo wonders how to support Greg and his family. Theo spoke to his wife and Greg is in hospital for 4-5 days. Clara can get them some groceries tomorrow, Gwen can drive Duncan to school. They can't see Greg due to risk of infection.
James and his friends are playing a concert at Flowerpot later. Candy didn't know that and she has some plans already. James insists on her coming and seeing her, she will try.
Isiah met Declan down the hall today. Shynann is just good friends with Declan and says that Isiah can hang out with him.
Crane is looking for Kit. Temple saw him yesterday. Maryann heard he's gone to his parents.
Timon is coming for Nemo because his car broke down.
Renee has enough of a diet based on green food.
Jane was busy and did not reply to Paula's previous messages.
Temperature in Rybnik this week can reach up to 22 degrees but will drop by the start of the weekend. Konrad is looking forward to his Erasmus exchange. Konrad is nervous about his Erasmus because it is important for him.
Seb wants to go bowling with Dave and Mark. He will call the Alley and check Friday 9 pm. Dave is going to ask his brother, Paul, if he'd like to join them.
After sinus problems Ken had to deal with a flat tire. Ken hopes that Martha will get the Christmas package by Christmas time.
Jake lives in Warsaw and Jake is most likely coming there with his girlfriend in April for three nights.
Ronny and Walt finish work at 3 today and they want to go back home together. Walt will meet Ronny in front of his building after work.
Leah will give Zara 1 free ticket for tonight at 7:45 pm. Rose responded too late, so she won't get any.
Anet and Tish are going to lunch at 2 pm.
Timmy's homework is difficult. Timmy and Rob consider pretending to be sick tomorrow.
Ted will arrive in Manchester from Bristol at 8:15. Ted is going to present at a conference to take place at the Head Office. Ted will check in at the reception and meet Shirley on the first floor.
Hannah wants to borrow Christine's red prom dress for a friend's bridal shower tonight. Christine will be home in 4 hours and will let Hannah know as soon as she's there. Hannah burnt her previous dress with an iron.
Rachel recommends the book "Factfulness" she finished reading yesterday.
Lindsay is angry because Lorry went shopping with her boyfriend. But Lorrie was helping him choose a ring for Lindsay.
Greg will see over the car tonight at 8:30. The address is 120 Station Road, BS6 4AB.
Kate wants to buy a disc at BigBuy for Vera. Kate will call Vera if she finds it.
Jake apologizes to Veronica for the last night conversation. Veronica also wants to apologize to Jake for what she said. Jake makes up with Veronica.
The ICC has acquitted Laurent Gbagbo. He lost an election in 2010. Stefano and Alfred don't believe him to be innocent.
Meg asked Cara about the name of the series she had told her about. She needs a distraction during ironing.
Tommy, Kim and Liz are planning to give their professors thank you notes, as it's their last semester. They will go to a shop that sells cards tomorrow and later come up with the wishes.
Tim, Bill and Tom are going for a pint as soon as Bill is done with coding.
David's boss added him on Facebook. James advises him on how to hide some posts on Facebook.
Andrew's bored, he's not going out tonight. Kim is going out with Ann, but he doesn't know where.
Tom is late.
Amadeus is sad because he feels his life is miserable.
Raoul has a birthday today. He will pick Martin up at the station.
Andy missed his bus and will be late.
Lin is coming back in about an hour. Lin took Leo's home keys.
Darcey is trying to lose weight and he didn't eat anything today. Ethan is concerned about him starving.
Dan is much better now.
Teresa found a red bag after the party. It's Suzie's.
Arturo is applying for a French citizenship, which is a long and complicated process. Sandy is on holiday in Tunisia.
Luke and Fred managed to return before a downpour.
Otto has been with Ethan for 4 years. Ethan took Otto's phone number from his sister. Otto will bring his notes tomorrow.
Carol didn't have time to cook dinner so Kate needs to order food. Carol left money on the counter.
Frank and Eddie are Beatles and Stones fans, but Eddie thinks the Stones live performances are terrible.
Martin felt sick after having a pack of fries at McDonald's near the city square.
Ella missed the bus and will have to wait half an hour for the next one.
Jake intends to rent a smaller room. It may be rented today. The bigger room is still free. Jake will see the apartment at 6.30 pm. Fifi is looking for students as flatmates. Jake works and studies.
Aria needs newspapers. Arlen will keep them for her in the future.
Ahmed promotes his paintings by putting the images on bags and t-shirts that he sells. He cooperates with a fashion designer to keep up with the latest trends. As a child Ahmed wanted to be an architect but at the age of 13 he discovered an artistic talent in himself.
Marianna and Jaron will meet tonight for a midnight session. Jaron will drop her off by taxi.
Mary is sad because she lost her bike.
Samantha is in love with her boss, Tom. He has a wife and two kids.
Ursula cannot afford the special discount from the Body Shop
Bane borrowed a cough syrup from Josh. Now Josh needs it.
Andy and Ted are planning a surprise birthday party for Jenny on the 4th of December.
John can't see Nina's and Jeff's red car.
Nata needs to paint the walls in her room, but she doesn't know which colour to choose.
Jeff's 50th birthday is coming near. He likes whiskey. Toby proposed buying him a 50 years old Scotch, but it turned out to be too expensive - at least 5000 GBP.
Luke and Katy had a great time playing Cards Agains Humanity at Dot's. They want to buy it too. Luke and Katy are having her parents over next weekend.
The Chloe's present for him has just arrived as Lynn reports.
Sacha will meet with Max at the canteen.
Mom will write to Megan asking what to do with the red jacket.
Pearl reads a lot about Beyonce and discusses with Don that she probably has information filtered for her.
Gil haven't contacted Jennifer for so long because her phone fell into the water. Jannifer has no plans for tonight.
Jennifer is coming to Zoe's farewell party. Robert and others were thinking of buying Zoe a gift. Zoe's Kindle broke recently. Jennifer will chip in for the gift.
Henry informs Aneta and Josh that this book can be found only at the Strand.
Roxanne is applying for a Spanish passport as her grandmother was Spanish. Ivy needs to look through her family history.
George, James, Paul and John are going to have a rehearsal of their band at 7.30 tonight. Pete was fired from the band.
Ben is still sick and he'll stay home till Monday. There is a lot of birds outside, so Mom will get something to eat for them, when she'll get back.
Marshall has asked Alice out. They will have something to eat at 8 pm on Thursday.
Rick and Marty are going on the field trip to the museum tomorrow. They need to bring something to take notes with, because they will have a test by the end of the week.
Richard would like to participate in the X-cell project. To do so, he must prepare a presentation until Tuesday. Helen will send Richard an e-mail with the details in the evening. Richard will let Helen know when he gets it. If Richard gets in, he will be assigned a specific function.
Sue and John are still a little confused about their new project. They will be able to ask Paul questions about it, when he visits them tomorrow.
Natalie has bad memories of tennis, because as a teenager her father forced her to play it. Hunter tries to convince Natalie to give tennis another shot, because she's good at it.
Bobby shares with Diana and Juan a video of old people having sex. It sparks a discussion on whether it's cute or disgusting.
Jem prefers Norwegian and Cory would go for Swedish. Emily will start learning German.
Jim has got a cold from his kids. He cancelled the meeting, goes home and will be on email. Andrea will take care of his responsibilities.
Sophie is going to call the vet to book an appointment for Sprite on James' request.
Kevin received his new sports jacket. Tyler likes it.
Logan will get back to Lori in the afternoon as he's busy now.
Daisy and Jo are going out on Friday night. Jo and Helen will see Daisy, Sarah and Tracy at Dexters.
Jack wants to start translator course, because doesn't want to be a teacher anymore. Matt advises him to attend class intensive course.
Peter wants to start exercising, but Stefan and Jared tease him.
Carry is looking for a school for her 8-year-old daughter. Tina shares with her contacts to Caroline and Linda, who both have kids in the school.
Sadie has a new job. She finds it hard. She ruined Neil's shirt. He bought a new one. She thinks she should offer to cover the costs of the new shirt. Kelly concurs.
Kevin and John will go home together in the evening.
Jane sent Monica the photo from last Friday's party.
Molly has to buy a wedding dress. She got engaged to Tom a few days ago. She will celebrate it with Kim and Misty on Saturday.
Becky is on the 4th floor. There are fewer WIFI users on 5th floor.
It was Charlotte's birthday. She expected Peter to buy her a present, since she had given one to him. She is not happy. Peter is going to get something for her.
Heidi, Zoe and Amelie find it weird.
Phil uses Twitter most often to keep up with the news and Vic uses Facebook.
Selby invites Terri and Winslow for a home-cooked Indian meal.
Teresa has an important presentation tomorrow and a blind date afterwards. Maggie advises Teresa what to wear based on the 3 pictures of outfits Teresa has sent her. Maggie also advises Teresa to apply eyeliner and put on contacts after the presentation.
Isaac met uncle Kevin last night. Kevin, 68, is getting divorced for the 3rd time and is in a relationship with Mandy, 33.
Abe has shown a song by the band Amorphis to Fred. Fred likes it.
Monica is watching Friends. Oscar will join her in 30 minutes. He will bring popcorn and dry white wine.
Flores pointed out that Tabitha may feel sleepy, because she has distrubed sleep schedule and low blood pressure.
Greg will get pizza for himself and Omar from Luigi's.
Mary likes using Snapchat. Paul thinks it's not in style anymore.
Tim and Flora are on the list.
Karen is 30 years old, William is 35. They want to meet tomorrow.
Professor Gartenberg allowed Elijah to submit his paper late as Elijah was sick.
Jake hates Christmas music. Jake will serve another client with a kid.
The cost of the course was raised. Olivia sent the information to Hugh and Alexandra.
Allie is back and she is going to invite Will, Jenny and Fred to show them the pictures she took while away. They will meet on Saturday evening. Allie is going to cook.
Josh is taking his mother to the market in an hour. He is going to buy some fruit, vegetables and eggs for Cindy.
Simon knows from Andy that Dana will not attend gym class any more. She gives too much work till the end of the year as a reason. She accepts Simon's offer of help and will get back to him about it later.
Mel finds Bohemian Rapsody good as well as disappointing. Tish wanted to see it too but she'll wait for the DVD.
Mat thinks dogs are cuter and Anna prefers cats. Mark refuses to arbitrate the issue.
Mark will cancel his day off on Mr. Benson's request. Claudia will call out major clients to ask about their satisfaction and provide data by 10:30. Andy will prepare a presentation on the company byt the end of the day. Mark will do data mining on client's financial situation.
Arthur does crossfit every single day at 4:30 am.
Ian has his and Mike's tickets.
Logan recommends Ethan as a drummer for the function that Sofia organizes.
Yesterday, Ann was asked out by Adam. Lucy tells Ann about Adam's unpleasant behavior in the past. She also warns Ann about his bad attitude.
Marie found a 30% discount on Armani perfumes.
Barry couldn't get in so he will take the next bus.
Channel 5 is airing Broadchurch.
St. Nicholas Day started well for Leila.
Greg needs hair models in the afternoons and evenings at Hair Academy Logan St. Greg offers free haircuts and other hair treatments. Jamie and Alice are available.
Lizzy is heading to a shopping mall. She will buy a crime story book for Paul's mother. Lizzy has an appointment at 2 pm.
Max reckons Ben played well today but Ben wishes he played better.
John is on his way to Lille. He is queueing to enter the museum because he didn't buy a ticket in advance. Peter is eating sushi with Leonor.
Mary is going to buy some ice-cream.
Ruby and Ruben love each other.
Gary was annoyed by a man who was talking to another person during a training session. Gary wanted to hit him. He reminded Gary Pecky. Pecky had teased Gary in the school.
Delilah has an idea to organize a contest for the ugliest Christmas jumper.
James's dogs are well. Mia is allowed to see them any time.
Annie and Mag're seeing each other at yoga tonight.
The fundraiser on Facebook reached almost PLN 16 million. The whole sum collected last year amounted to PLN 121 million. This year they have PLN 92 million for now.
Fiona is going to Philadelphia next week for business so she wants Mom to look after the kids.
Tanvi invited Peadar, Anette, Helen, Thomas, Anne and Amy over after 7. Her address is 83 Glisson Road.
Zoeh wants Caleb to let his mother know her and her mother are coming over in half an hour.
Lincoln's photographer got drunk at his wedding and didn't take good pictures. He needs Carson to send over all the wedding photos she took.
Kiara is at Jaden's. She will come to pick up Malik in half an hour, after he's made breakfast.
Irma informs Vivienne and Ferb that classes have been cancelled for tomorrow.
Austen and Maureen are going to have a Thanksgiving dinner together on the 1st of December. Maureen is going to pick Austen and her family up after 2 pm. Austen is going to borrow the Honda from Maureen for a time. Maureen will prepare the turkey and Austen will bring salads and cake.
Mia and David will meet at the gym, and Laura stays home as she doesn't feel well.
Rita and Soledad recommend Sebastian to use the print shop at the Faculty of Architecture.
Amanda saw a sad film yesterday. Piper will watch it after the lecture. Amanda is going to the gym now.
Heidi's professor allows the group take the 3rd exam at home.
Lisa believes she has done well on her exam. Mandy is proud of her.
Gemma's cat destroyed her plan and Lyx will buy her something to prevent it from happening again.
Ash informs Gin that voting for the website of the year has begun. Gin won't be able to have his ballot in until 25th November so Ash extends the deadline to Monday for him.
Sounding is a BDSM/kink practice involving shoving things into a penis. It can be dangerous if performed carelessly. Sounding kits are available for sal on the internet.
Branden's lonely brother is going to Las Vegas alone and Bonnie wishes he would find a girlfriend there. Branden advices Bonnie to keep out of this.
Liv is traveling by train to suntan on the beach. Ignacio wishes she would come over and make him lunch. He thinks she might get a sunburn because of her fair complexion.
Gail was browsing through her Facebook posts. She was complaining about food and fitness.
On Sunday Raz and Peter are meeting with Dominica and James who got married recently.
Marvin is on Channel 4. Noah is not at home at the moment.
Austin made a dish with a slow cooker, but she added too much soy sauce.
Dad will buy Lou funghi pizza for dinner.
Jim, Tim and other guys were in the all-you-can-eat restaurant. They ate too much and they don't feel well after that.
Bob's therapist has cancelled the session, but he will meet her next week.
Emily moved to Glasgow with her new boyfriend Jamie, and she's studying economics there.
Kitty forgot the keys and can't get inside. Anne offers to send the keys to Kitty via Uber. Kitty orders the Uber.
Luke has sent Ingrid 3 texts to take a look at. Ingrid dislikes that Luke gives her short deadlines each month. Ingrid suggests Agnes do the job this time. Luke will call Agnes and let Ingrid know if she has agreed.
Mia is on Russel Street next to a shopping mall. Her bus hasn't arrived yet. Jennifer will pick her up with her car in 10 minutes. Jennifer won't have a drink with Chris as she needs to get up early tomorrow.
Tanja and Chris have failed the exam and Greg got a C. They will ask Christina, Jason and Pauline for help. Lenny suggests they meet for a beer tonight.
Sam argued with her partner about her parents pressing them for wedding. Joe advices that they should live their lives and not listen what to do.
Anna has invited Yen for food.
Chris asked Sylvia out. They are meeting at 8.
Franek sent a photo of his mom.
Karen and Whitney will go to a Samba class tomorrow. Carmen cannot come as she's busy at work.
Kane is looking for an HR person experienced in finance. Kane needs him or her to start from March 2019. Hank will ask Peter if he's interested.
Maria worked a lot in the last two months. She works from remotely.
Maria's frustrated because Kate, Matt, Jenny and Josh don't take their meeting seriously.
Paul is thirsty. Peter and Jordan won't bring him water.
Amanda was at a Christmas Market today with Toby and her husband. Her husband loved it, but Toby was scared of Santa. They bought sweets and Christmas decorations and filmed a castle with artificial snow.
Jim has forgot his scarf yesterday. He'll visit Tom tomorrow after work to get it.
Isla has no concrete plans for her stay in Berlin. She will consult going to Panorama Bar with Martin. Amelia visited the Jasna club in Warsaw but not many people were there.
Patricia, Susan and Sarah have a test today. Susan will be circa 15 minutes late because she has to pick up her nephew. Sarah is sick and she will not come.
Charles is wondering whether Manchester United plans to sell Lukaku. Joe says that Lukaku is a decent player. Bayern Munich has won the title in the previous season. Charles is not satisfied with the condition of Manchester United.
Helen was with Fisher this weekend. Zuri wanted to call her but Helen had left her phone at home. Now she's not available, so Zuri and Ethan will go to her house to get Fisher's notes back.
Andrew sent Kelsey the plumber's number, bcause the sink in the kitchen is leaking again. If the plumber can't come today, they will find someone online.
Harold doesn't want to diet although Kylie wants him to. Last time it took him three months to lose three kilos. Harold offers him a place to stay.
Alene forgot her swimming suit. Jenson will be in the health resort in 5 minutes. Alene will buy it there.
Andy agreed to look at Brooke's resume. Brooke is a little bored with her current job.
Jenny should wear the red dress because the black one is too formal.
Mark called Cris 5 minutes ago. Cris didn't know it was Mark, as he had lost all the contacts on his phone. Cris will call Mark back shortly.
John and Mathew are writing some stupid dialogues.
Pamela isn't pleased with what Meg did yesterday with John.
Andy is going to the gym tonight. Joan can't come because she is sick. Andy will bring food, sudoku and a cosmo for her. Joan can't drink wine because she is taking medicine.
Daria posted on Facebook that she was ejected from the PhD programme and she has a biopolar diorder. To Amanda's mind, Daria will have to return the grant in amount of 30.000 Euro. Harry claims Daria sexually harassed David.
Lara needs to finish a proofreading project before the deadline. Gemma's neighbors are partying and she can't sleep. She put off Monday tasks. Gemma has a flexible schedule.
Tatiana hasn't finished the required trainings due tomorrow, so she'll have to cancel her plans of spending some time with her mom. Tatiana will help her out as she remembers the answers from some quizzes, and it took her as much as around 9 hours.
It's snowing heavily. Sarah wishes she won't have to go to work tomorrow. Mark and Gina keep their fingers crossed.
Lexi asks Blake for advice about cameras. Blake tells her to buy tablet instead.
Simon will come and help Charles with moving some heavy furniture downstairs.
Turner wants to join a gym. Mortimer recommends mcfit, Elliot advises against slimgym.
Patsy and Tonia are going to party tonight and get drunk.
Bill's operation went well. He spent the night at the hospital but was brought home this morning. Judith has made reservations at the Queen and King suites.
Cindy and Linda are going to see a movie.
Laura and Rebecca successfully returned the car even though it had some scratches.
Dan didn't wish Dustin a happy birthday because he stood him up last Tuesday. Dan is angry because Dustin has a new girlfriend and doesn't have time for friends.
Simon and Lorelai love each other.
Lizy sends Vicky a picture from a bar where she's having drinks with friends.
Adnan sent John a video about people getting circumcised and they are both shocked. John reckons it's an initiation ritual for their tribe. Adnan thinks they are drugged so they don't feel the pain.
Rob is fed up with his gym. He needs to continue another week or so before he goes up with the weight.
Nikos contacted Evelyn on Facebook asking about Paisley. Paisley and Nikos were engaged in the past.
Della needs back the palette she has lent to Sara. Sara will bring it back to Della.
Phil bought a new board game. He will organize a game night with George soon.
Tim, Helen and Andrew have a train in 5 minutes Tim is almost there.
Andrew is arriving from Norway. Peter and Brian will meet him on the weekend.
Eric did not enjoy the show as much as he thought he would. Jeremy will go and see it for himself.
Lucas wants to go to the cinema with Sofia, he lets her choose the film and time while he's at his granny's helping in the garden.
Cedric has touched Basil's girl. Basil and Cedric exchange menaces.
Barbara and Sammy will meet at Lina's party tonight.
Linda and Ian are going to have Chili con carne for dinner, but they still need to get several things.
Oliver tries to trick Amelia into thinking he bought a new car. The car is Roger's.
Even though Randy Jack and Kelly have studied for the incoming difficult test, they're still nervous of passing it.
Hailey is a model on "Elle" magazine as Mackenzie discovered. Julia looked for more information on Facebook. Hailey is married and she's a professional model.
Laura and Pete are going to meet today.
Kristen has hangover today, so she can't join Bridget for workout. Last night Kristen met with Ann and her colleagues, they went to a few bars and the Havana club. She met a handsome guy who is texting her now. She shares his photo with Bridget.
Duncan left his beanie at Tom's. Duncan will bring it to him tomorrow.
The whole street doesn't have electricity.
Claire and Russel hate the current weather.
Anna and Mary are planning their trip to Iceland, looking into accommodation and transport.
Mia wakes Ben up at noon on Saturday. Ben wants to sleep 5 more minutes, whereas Mia has been up and studying for four hours already.
Carlos, Elisa and Ben will meet up on Friday at 7.30 at the main entrance of the Centro Cultural Recoleta. They will go to the exhibition opening there and then eat a dinner at the Armenian place.
Betty is coming to a wedding on Saturday and is looking for a place where she can get manicure. Rebecca will send her contact details to one place she recommends.
Leah wants Simon to be her boyfriend. Simon and Brooke are close friends. Brooke doesn't want to support Leah in winning Simon.
Nicolas and Kaleigh have to do French 220 and 225, an assignment from page 34.
Lisa has bought a skirt for Friday in Zara.
Sophie has broken up with Tracy. Tracy wants Sophie to give him another chance, but she refuses to do it. Tracy cheated and lied. Sophie was working to pay Tracy's debts. Sophie is blocking Tracy.
Bob reminds Willis to buy A4 papers for Bob's customers.
Chloe's in Italy. Chloe misses her co-workers and they miss her too. Henry sends Chloe a video to cheer her up. Chloe enjoys Italy and she did many interviews there. Chloe and Henry's boss has already sent Chloe several reminders.
Peter will get cat food - chicken kind.
Kimberly mistakenly messaged Frank.
Peter, Charles and Mark will meet at Queen's Head at 7 before they will go to the city.
Alec's dog is missing, so he's very upset. Jenny will look for Alec's dog tonight.
Jonash and Marc are gossiping about Nick Jonas wedding with the Bollywood actress.
Sarah really liked the movie chosen by Chandler. Sarah claims that Chandler's favourite movies are boring.
Jabari deleted his post, because of Reese's comments.
Adam forgot his wallet and Mary is still at home.
Adrian has got a new job, and Maria is surprised that he didn't know anything about it.
Greg played fifa 18 wc for 6 hours and he finds the game awesome. Tom also recommends fifa 18 wc to Mark.
Jen will forward Geri the photo she got from Lola.
Laura has added Lucy to the group. Lucy has already prepared a power point presentation.
Nadim and Hank plan to go to the baseball game at 7:00 PM tomorrow. They will get cheap tickets for $10 each and will have seats behind the outfield.
Evan meets Dani's roommate Leah through Dani's phone.
Shania likes Kaila's nails but she thinks there is too much of gold to suit the dress.
Lucy will send Violet pictures of copies that she took during the class.
Parvati will attend Lina's cooking class. The next session is on the 10th. Each session costs 20 euros, payable by cash or transfer.
Ray wasn't at the uni today, Anastasia thinks he might be sick in bed.
Emily has arrived at Ava's flat. Ava reminds Emily the flat's number.
Theresa, Jennifer and Amalia are most likely going to Tenerife between 1-14 April for their "girls holidays". Theresa is going to check the prices for Tenerife. Malta is not safe enough. Theresa didn't like Ibiza or Canarie Islands.
Trump was ridiculous on TV. Layla could not believe what he did.
Ana didn't come yesterday because she was sick. But she only missed organisational information.
David asks Alex if he could teach his boss english. Alex agrees. David and Alex will meet on Saturday.
Tina's frustrated as his mother tampers with their private affairs. Tina wants to go on a weekend road trip to Prague with him but his mother suggests that it'd be better for them to go by plane.
Jay will arrive at Laura's home at 2 pm on Saturday. They'll take kids and go for a meal and a walk along the beach.\
Russ and Jody are going trick-or-treating tonight. Jody is going to dress as a witch. Russ' costume is a surprise.
Lara has a job interview at Google today. She's been preparing all weekend. She'll let Michelle and Tricia know how it goes.
Gary is in Cobham and will be there in 30 minutes. Jack is already here. Dan is coming too and Gary can pick him up.
Mickael and Jonathan have to go to JDC on the 5th of February.
Wilson is going to the office to report an unjustified fine. A ticket inspector deactivated the machines at the tram so that Wilson was unable to validate his ticket. Wilson could not explain the situation because the ticket inspector spoke no English.
George and Alex are going to meet on Tuesday at 10 A.M. this week.
The shuttle buses replacing the red line take too long and are overcrowded. The commute to work is annoying to Miroslav. Kenneth worked from home today.
Felicity sent a photo to Joe. He is not satisfied with it.
Ann and Elena arrange meeting for a coffee around 5, after Anna has finished work. Elena would like to talk about Robert, as he's acting weird, having 'thoughts' about the future and blaming her for some things he made up. She needs to be very patient with him.
Dusan is on his way to the show he is going to watch with Jorge.
Dalton, Axton and Brand plan to buy a birthday gift for Lori.
Bernice overslept. Rebecca had told everyone she was coming, so they are waiting for her. Bernice will get ready and come soon.
Mathew is deleting his facebook account because it's too time consuming. He will still be using other socialising apps.
Yvonne met Julia in the canteen. Julia is back from Cuba and got funding from NGO.
Jenny doesn't have Revolut, but has heard good things about it. Mel has it and is satisfied with it. Maria will get it.
Michael received a message saying WhatsApp will be paid. Paula assures Michael that it's not true and the message is a spam.
TV ads are annoying, especially at this time of the year and when they are aimed at children. Harry has chosen Netflix over TV because it is ad-free and Tom might follow his example.
Trevor's essay on "Oliver Twist" was outstanding.
Danielle has a new haircut.
Fiona is stuck at work.
George didn't do the dishes. The new punishment for not doing the dishes is vacuuming and taking the trash out.
There is no power in the home. Dad asks Darius to check the fuse in the pavement.
Fred doesn't want to go to the party, because he doesn't like being in a crowd. John tells Fred that there will be no more than ten people, and convinces Fred to come.
Taylor and Josh are worried that John is absent. In fact, John is sitting in the other end of the classroom.
Grace and Karen are going to meet on Saturday at 10 AM to look a wedding dresses in bridal salons. At 2 PM they're going to eat lunch, which Grace wants to pay for.
Natalie is not happy with Sandra spamming them again. Peter enjoyed it. Peter, Sandra, Kenny and Natalie want to get drinks after work.
Rob wanted to play RDR2 at 5, but Tom and Rob are busy. Mark's available tomorrow, but Rob is going with Sara to her parents.
Zack is coming home for Christmas. Robert wants to meet with Zack. Zack will message Robert in December to schedule the meeting.
Stacy and Barbara were at Paco's party two weeks ago. Stacy's scarf from India went missing. Stacy is accusing Barbara of theft and will talk to Paco.
Michelle was in cafeteria with Anne. Michelle wants Mike to ask her out and she told Anne about it. Mike was staying behind them, but he pretended not to hear it.
Mike wants to go with his friends Sam, John and Greg for the weekend. Dad has doubts as no adult is going with them. Mike suggests that his dad joins. Dad will call other dads and ask if they want to join too.
John will transfer Adam the money for the tickets right away.
Moss will leave early to be on time, as there was an accident on the main street.
Adam and Tom are excited about the new model of Porsche Cayman.
Jo will get the proxy for 123.
Millie recommends that Danielle listens to Pop2 by Charlie XCX on Spotify.
Lori will buy tickets for the football game. Andrea is joining them. Hayden will keep his new jersey away from Pepper. Ticket prices will increase next month.
Charles and Caroline bought the tickets already and booked a place in Puerto del Rosario. Anne will try to book a place nearby. She confirmed the will to rent a car. Charles will send her the address.
Tina is nervous.
Jake will meet Edward at 10:30 in front of Edward's building. They will go for a walk. Jake never has time for Edward.
Eddy needs Jacob's help with his laptop. Jacob will come to Eddy today and bring his data storage to back up Eddy's files. Eddy will buy beer.
Joseph starts a new job at the Bristol hotel on December 1st. Albert still works at his dad's shop.
A Lidl store is closing down and holding a sale with everything 50% off this Saturday. Patrick and Eve are planning to come early on Saturday for the sale. They are planning to buy groceries, cleaning supplies and maybe clothes.
Leon is listening to some music in his room. Arthut likes it and wants Leon to turn up the volume.
Milagros is filing in documents for her blog. Corban will go clubbing on Friday.
Jarvis had a good time with his family. He is happy about a picture Dustin has sent him. He sends some photos to Dustin.
Doug will buy milk in the market.
Emily loves the book Martha gave her.
Sally and John has to work on their presentations. They will meet tomorrow to prepare it.
Mike is going to the bar on 7th Avenue. Joe will watch netflix and chill instead because he is not feeling well.
Kerry has a flu and was not at the lectures today. She probably will not go to the Kevin's party on Saturday, as she takes medicines and the doctor told her to rest. Charlize will send Kerry pictures of her notes from today. The notes will be helpful, because midterms will be in 3 weeks time.
Camille's friend from Romania just arrived in UK and is looking for a job. She can speak English, take care of old people and babies. Bernadette's friend is looking for a cleaner twice a week.
Monica sent a funny picture to Luc.
John dropped his phone and its screen went blank, but the error has been fixed.
Sam will be at Tara's in a few minutes. She won't ring the bell on Tara's request in order not to wake up Suzy.
Bryan is going to Afghanistan.
Kate will buy the ingredients for spaghetti and meet James at home.
Steve, Mark and Greg are going to see a movie. The cinema they chose only offers a 3D version with subtitles and a 2D version with dubbing. Mark has 3D cancelling glasses. Steve, Mark and Greg decide on the 3D version.
Byron will buy lavazza coffee for Richard.
Martin and Oscar went to school together and attended a memorable party during that time. Martin prevented a fellow student from getting sick from alcohol. All those who attended the party were punished afterwards. Oscar has been living and doing business in Poland for 27 years.
Payton will pick Sender up at 9 PM tonight and drive him to the practice. Denver is not coming.
Theresa will join John and Zac at Starbucks when she is finished.
An American player loses world championship in chess to a Scandinavian model who drinks a lot of water.
Holly is not taking him to kindergarten because of his cough, but she would like Johnny to go though.
Paul and Ciaran want to meet, but Ciaran only has 30 minutes and Paul may not make it in time. They managed to meet, Paul encourages Ciaran to check World of Warships.
Woolie will soon arrive to meet Lena, who is waiting in front of the hall.
Anka doesn't like Jan's editing of the photographs he sent for Mike's article. He will have to redo all of them until the end of the day.
Amy asks Garry if he can pick Joules up this morning. Garry agrees.
Tim hates Christmas. He can't buy gifts. He can't buy his family any sweets. His family is on diet. Lisa will advise him what to do later.
Toby, Ian, Joseph and Emma are meeting at El Raval tonight. Emma is fed up with the food they've eaten the last few days. She hopes the food there will be good. Nobody knows whether it will be, but they have to try, because they don't know anything in Andorra anyway.
Aggie invited Lisa to join her on a calligraphy course but Lisa wasn't really interested. Eventually, she agreed to be there on Tuesday at 8 pm.
Mike was having lag, so it took a while for him and Jonah to finish the game. Now Andy joined them.
Bob needs Allie's number, but Matt points out she's in the chat they're currently talking in.
Fiona asks Fleur to wash the dishes.
Luna is leaving and will be at Clara's in 30 to 40 minutes.
Jane and Jenny are talking about the TV programme in which future parents reveal the gender of their unborn children. Jenny is very emotional about it.
Fleur is going to get a Christmas tree. Paul has to pick up his brother and clean up the house before his parents come for Christmas. He will get a Christmas tree tomorrow.
Phoebe has cancer and she has an operation scheduled for tomorrow at 10. She will also undergo chemotherapy. She is scared. Yuval wants to come right now.
Bill hasn't seen Mrs. Hurley. She's not at school according to Ben.
Cindy is taking a hair dryer. Jessica packed shampoo. shower gel, body lotion and conditioner.
Tom will meet Hannah at campus at 4pm for dance practice.
Britney, Ashley and Kristen are going to a club called Cherry tonight.
Sophie shares the photo of a beaver that she saw in the river. Mike believes it is a coypu.
Judith wants to take the kids to Disneyland, but Carter is busy going to a meeting.
Keira saw Collin online and wrote to him. Collin invites her over.
Natalie and Simone have seen Pose, the new Netflix series and they think it's amazing. Theresa's going to watch it tonight.
Phillip has a long flight to Central Afrique République tomorrow. Juliete wants to go with him, but he has a co-pilot to talk to.
Peg demands that Nel pick up the laundry.
Rebecca tries to brighten Gina's day by sending her memes.
Megan claims her spider hero is her neighbor.
Luke didn't respond to Sarah's message because he was out with his parents all morning and didn't have his phone on him. Sarah wants him to come over.
Mason is siks so he's not going to work. Mason will text Jack and Cass to confirm it.
Danielle's got a new, eccentric haircut, but she still looks good.
James will buy Polish sausages and burgers for the barbecue.
Jack and Andy are at the Mongoosh and Jason will join them soon. Jason wants them to order Chicken Tikka Masala for him.
Alicia will get some milk-free ice-cream for Hannah.
Zack has once put the wrong side of a cigarette in his mouth and got burned.
Sophie is in Kutno. Ava is on her way to Brussels. She's going to work in the bus.
Celia missed the meeting with Jennifer, Peter and the Colins because of a cold. She's working from home though. Jennifer will drop her a basket with pastries.
Jorge thanks the voluneers for their wilingness to help. Daniel is looking forward to this Sunday. Marge wants to take additional volunteer with her, but all the positions are already taken.
Leila bought a bag for her Mom. She will give it to Samantha tomorrow who will give it to Leila's mom.
Aurelie will work from home today, because she's not feeling well. The project's deadline is the day after tomorrow, Ross is on holiday, so there's only Aurelie and Mathew in the team.
Fred asks Chris if he's watching basketball game of Houston Rockets. Fred is impressed with James Harden's offensive skills. Chris is unimpressed with Harden's defensive skills, which are vital for winning games.
Nick and Kasia went out to brunch yesterday, but they didn't invited Karen and Anthony. Anthony and Nick had had an argument. Karen and Anthony are going for a brunch. Anthony will pick her up.
Alan will borrow a phone from Jamie because his has broken down.
Pete has got stuck in traffic, so Sam will not wait for him and go alone.
Half the school is in love with Jake.
Stacy got the dates confused because of the holiday and missed a meeting with Esther and other girls. One of them, Doris, is getting married.
Sebastien is selecting the courses for the next term and he asks Diego for advice on this matter.
Conor would love to go skiing in the place that George has showed him.
Jacob quit smoking a month ago. Thomas quit a long time ago and confirms it is a difficult battle. Andrea wants to stop and feels motivated by her friends words.
Monica made out with Ross at an office party two months ago. Now Monica is pregnant. Ross is married.
Josh met the man involved in the whiskey incident between his flights.
Frederic won't make it to the meeting. He is ill.
Marine can't come to a meeting with Gerard's parents. Marine took a job that will make her work all weekend.
Britney has new hair. Stacey loves it.
Andrea and Lucy will play Summertime at the rehearsal on Tuesday at 5 pm.
Norman is booking a table for 4 for 7:30 by the window.
Connor is learning to code in Java and Python. Victoria programs in C++.
There's a power outage on the whole street and Isobel has dinner in the oven.
Elliott is stressed before the exam and even though Aurora calms him down saying he's Palmerston's favourite student, he'd like to study with her tomorrow at around 5 p.m.
Kaja has a direct flight to Poland at 11PM tonight. Andres is in Mississauga. He will drive Kaja to the airport on his way to Pearson. Morris is on his way back from work. Kaja will be back from Poland after New Year's Eve.
To Erik's disappointment, Modric has won the Ballon d'Or.
Yannick wants to walk his dog, but it's raining.
Mike asked Melanie to marry him. Laura is very happy for her.
Julia and Silvana forgot to meet with Omer.
Heather will be a little late. Vickie will put the kettle on.
Anna's parcel has arrived at Magda's today and can be collected this afternoon. She will pass by and take it.
Karren and Inga agreed to spend the New Year's Eve together.
Steve is going to take a nap. Simon and Anna will give him a wake up call when they're going home, so that he can open the door for them.
Wojtek put a wrong answer in exercise 5 where the vocabulary should have complied with number and case.
They prefer the second view of the bathroom but Evan might choose the first one because Mary likes it better.
Betty and Alice need a book for classes with Dr Oaks. The book is hard to get. Alice will ask Tony about it.
Liam is impressed by the Bandersnatch movie. She wants to read the book now. Keira and Liam agree that the games in which one can influence a story with their decisions would be useful in school education.
Rick can't go paddling with Phil as he has classes today. Phil and Rick plan to paddle on the weekend.
Leah, Gary and Maggie like the band's new song and would like to go to their concert.
Zoe found four little kittens in the bush. Zoe wants to take them home and keep them in the laundry room. Benjamin thinks Zoe should first wait for the cats' mom to come around.
Cooper is having a rough time because of Eric and getting off citabax. Kylie is supporting her. Cooper will make an appointment with the therapist.
Alex and Millie are talking about a smoothie which is tasty for Millie, but not for Alex.
Both Sam and Ben are tired after the journey so they won't go out tonight.
Marie and Kevin will come to Ross' place at 5 pm tomorrow and then they'll figure out where they want to go.
Sam Smith ordered the meal number 27 for 12$ to his place at 20 W 34th St, New York, NY 10001 and waited for the delivery more than the estimated 35 minutes.
There are problems at Bill's building site. It's the second time this week. Hanna agrees to let Bill go earlier today again, but urges him not to talk about too much.
Mary and Carol want a play date Tuesday afternoon. Kitty can't make it as she's seeing her in-laws.
Martin is moving to Warsaw in January. He needs to look after new office.
Russel and Amber are on a trip in the Alps. They're visiting Innsbruck today. Helmut used to go to Innsbruck every week. There's no Starbucks in Innsbruck, so Amber and Russel have to go to a traditional Austrian coffee house.
Jeffery will buy two bottles of water.
Gina, Tony, Liam, Noah and Olivia love Alex's painting.
Brian allows Tom to eat his expired yogurt.
Trevor, Masha, Evans, and their parents are meeting on Sunday to celebrate Evans' birthday. They will have a picnic if the weather is nice. He is celebrating with his friends on Saturday. He will get a backpack form Masha's mum and an Xbox from Trevor and Masha. Trevor will buy him games after work.
Magda will help June on Friday.
Bridget and Tina resign from going for a walk today because it's raining.
Caz's car is okay, so he'll visit his dad in the nursing home in Coventry tomorrow afternoon. AJ and Caz are planning another cruise, and Caz has almost bought them one for April to Portugal. They'll talk about the plans at the weekend. AJ has his alarm set for 3 am.
Laila loves Amsterdam as it is less stressful than Paris. She is still learning about her new job and getting to know her boss. She hopes she will be better than the previous one, who was "a real bitch" in Noe's opinion. Laila also likes her German roommate. Noe will visit her soon.
Mary will come in an hour. Barbara needs to go out can can't leave Jerry alone.
Joan's going home an hour late.
Tom is looking for family friendly films. He should check out Incredibles, Zootopia, Despicable Me, Toy Story, Inside Out and Up.
Ashley and mom got Mr. Fluff yesterday. Christine will be able to see him tomorrow.
Jasmine needs to walk some more to reach her goal today.
Jeff will print something for Simone.
Surinder got a fancy goldfish. His tank is too small. Kate gives him advice on the size of the tank and the place to keep it. Surinder has a red cap oranda. Goldfish like the company of other goldfish. Surinder will get a bigger tank today.
Cara and Liz went shopping without Elsa.
Eva, Heather and Jessica are wondering why the movie '50 Shades of Grey' is so successful.
Mary hasn't seen Jenny recently. Jenny had some serious health problems and she's back home. Tobias, Miriam and George didn't know it.
Broderick is going to do it tonight even though he may be dismissed if the university authorities find out.
The meeting starts at 11. Clara will be on time, Cindy will be late, she has a meeting before.
Natalie will pick up Gerda tonight at 7 for dinner at the new Thai place on Main street.
Wojtek asked Mary out once. She went out with Henry.
Joe is going to the bookstore to get The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon. Chad doesn't read but has heard it's great.
Tomorrow prof. Harris won't be teaching her class because she's sick.
Natalie prepared the birthday cake for dad and Vincent finds it awesome.
John has just become a dad. His daughter’s name is Kaitlin.
Tom will pick Fiona up, but may be late to do so. Tom has a meeting at 5. Tom will text Fiona.
Helen is not going to the party because she needs to finish a project.
Ariel and Olivier are going on a trip. Ariel has already paid for accommodation. Olivier is going to give the money back to her in local currency once they arrive at their destination.
Jared needs a new phone. Skyler suggests Jared to buy Samsung S8, not S9. Jared will see S8 after work.
Olivia has opened an account in Tom's bank. Now they can set up a joint account. Paul will book a boat for this weekend.
Mom and Dad won't come to Brigitte this Saturday because Mom wants to garden. Mom bought a lot of plants on Wednesday. Brigitte will come over to help her.
Michael will have lunch with Paul tomorrow at 1pm to talk about Camilla.
Tom thinks it is necessary to buy a new washing machine because the old one makes a strange noise. Anna doesn't think it is necessary but she agrees to go to the shops to check the offers.
Roy will visit Gwen at 7 and he'll bring some wine.
Jim is going to help out his old friend. Martin wants Jim to get dressed according to the weather as they are going on a trip in a week.
Mike thinks Tom should buy a travelcard.
Tom is meeting up with Charles and Elisabeth.
The essay has to be uploaded through Turnitin, which always takes some time around deadlines.
Margaret and Brad are preparing a conference on the 8th and 9th of March. Margaret has booked the place and Brad is working on invitations. They still need to find accommodation, caterers, and volunteers. Alice will take care of the paperwork.
Sophia and Oliver broke up again, but they still see each other almost every day. Oliver thinks they won't get back together this time. Noah and Oliver will go out for beer on Friday.
Martin is invited to watch the game at Sebastian's place at 8.
Lily will call Liam in 20 minutes.
Zack told Bronn that the gym was open on Saturdays but it was closed and it could take a month.
Deirdre has just returned from family vacation in Portugal. It was bad, they got the wrong apartment, the food was scarce, the pool water was dirty and had too much chlorine in it. She's going to ask for compensation from Vivaldi. She and Sharon are going to meet on Tuesday at 6 pm.
In the shooting on Staten Island a policeman was wounded by friendly fire. He was brought to the Intensive Care Unit of Alex's hospital. Megan's friend who works there says he's in a bad state. Megan will keep Alex updated about him. There's a lot of journalists around the hospital.
Tobi couldn't cross the Pakistani border on Armenian passport. Anna could continue the business trip to Islamabad. Their boss didn't answer the phone to confirm, so Tobi had to go back to Ahmedabad.
Harry was about to check out at Tesco when Lindsay remembered she still needs a few more things. Harry got everything she wanted.
Judith haven't called Samantha, even though it is Samantha's birthday.
Cath is going to a party tomorrow. She has lost the invitation. The party is at 2pm at Sir Bouncealot Soft Play, next to the Garden Centre, opposite the dry cleaner's. Keela's name is not spelt "Kia". Keela likes unicorns with rainbows and glitter. Maria sent invitations 2 weeks ago.
Nathaniel and Maddison are still on time to join Mandy and Andrew. Christina can only join them at 9.15pm. Andrew and Christina will go out tomorrow instead, because it's boring there today anyway.
Susan and Evelyn want to go on holiday together with Lora in August. Susan will talk to Lora.
The show starts at 16:30. Lauren is on her way and will try not to be late. She and Kyle spent the night preparing a costume for her.
Louise isn't going running with Brett today due to bad weather and because she's going out.
Neither Paul nor Celine has been to the new pizzeria yet.
Raquel needs Trevor to send her pictures for Miss Trenton's presentation tomorrow.
Priya appeared today on a radio show live across London. She wished she'd recorded it.
Mom will be home soon and she will buy bread on her way.
Maureen has just moved to a new house. Lucy will visit her soon.
Cristina and Jaeden are up early, she's going to the airport, he was woken up.
Kate will meet Luise and they'll go to see the new "Aquaman" movie and then to the Chinese bistro they ate in last week.
Mike is bringing his kid to see Pitt and Jo.
Ava will buy Maya PJs in Topshop for Christmas.
Mrs Loder wants to make an appointment to get facial and nails done on Friday. Bettina doesn't have a long enough slot on Friday. Bettina invites Mrs Loder Thursday at 18:00.
Pearl looked for Vince yesterday but he wasn't on the yacht. Vince had some drinks with his friend at the yacht club.
Ellen, Donald and Bill regret leaving the hotel as the new place is horrible. Ellen is additionally sorry they did not wait for her while she was in the toilet.
Justine is not answering her phone or texting on the group. Clare is worried about it. Florence, Amelia and Maggie already got used to it.
The company where Walter and Khandi work is late with payment of bonuses and won't fix the mens' toilet.
Filip is in Vietnam.
Fiona sends Ian a photo of herself in grade school.
Avery went on a date with Josh from the cinema. Ella saw him kissing with Abby two days ago.
Nora might be late, because her bus broke down. Wanda recommends her to call the boss. Nora will do it.
Malia needs Athena's help with English.
Phil and Vic support Nancy's idea to create a business profile in social media.
Grace would like to visit New York, especially Central Park. Fred recommends seeing it in fall.
Thanks to George, Jim knows now how to move the screen left or right.
Harry's sister got married.
Morgan got a new car.
Harry talked to his family about his father's past. He managed to find his brother on Facebook. Harry isn't sure if he wants to meet him.
Tobias wants to buy a car. Dave offers him an Audi at a good price so Tobias is going to take it for a test drive on Saturday.
Vivianne hasn't settled the last payment for her account. To unlock it, she has to issue the outstanding amount in the local office.
Hugh, Fred and Jim are going fishing on Sunday. Jim will take his portable fridge with beer in it. Fred will be driving, so he won't be able to drink.
Rose bought a new jacket at a thrift store on 1st Ave and Pride St. Her mom paid a part of the price. Lily doesn't like the idea as she thinks people use vintage stores to make a profit.
Allen wants to know the date of an Immunology exam. It's on the 5th of March. April will go to the last lecture tomorrow, because the official date will be given. There is no information about the retake.
Andrew is enthusiastic about the new law legalizing marijuana. David is much more sceptical and claims that after a decade everyone will regret the government's decision.
Pakistan won a cricket match against New Zealand.
Coco sends Ads her recipe for cookies. Ads makes the cookies and wants to come with them to Coco tomorrow but Coco is seeing some old friends instead.
Alan, Wendy, Dorothy, and Mark are meeting for a barbecue at Alan's place. Darryl will not come. Alan asks to bring some beer and salads.
Lucas is going to play chess after school. Zara recons it's an obsession.
Howard's autistic sister has just got a job in a cafe that employs disabled people. Sandra and Howard will visit her at work.
Allie got hold of a book which is much craved for at the university library. She refuses to share it with Nelly.
Cheryl invited her friends for the dance tomorrow. Derek is going to pick Cheryl and Daniel.
Mark took the wrong subway and he may be late. Anna and Nestor will buy the tickets.
Cristina is determined to do an internship in an embassy or consulate abroad. She send one to polish consulate in harare.
Jarrell left his phone under Culver's bed. He will come and pick it up in 20 minutes. Abilene will make coffee.
Mike and John both watched the game and found it very boring.
It's Gustav's birthday. Donna is celebrating his birthday at a concert in the Concert Hall and she is going to the cementary tomorrow since it's their 21st wedding anniversary. Ferdinand went to Gustav's grave yesterday and lit a candle.
Jessica is planning to go to Lia's Hair Salon. Andrea went there 2 months ago and her hairdresser's name was Jane.
Bonny and Clyde are going to spend time together.
Mary doesn't know where Kate is, maybe with Carl.
Jake and Kouki will have something to eat at the cafeteria downstairs.
Tom was bullied as a kid so he spent time playing online games. Tom wants to go out more so he will see Bobby in an hour.
Robert, Monica and Rose are going to the club. Rose will be late, she will join after yoga class after 9 PM.
Mila's train was late so she's worried about catching her flight. Peter wants Mila to let him know as soon as she lands.
John and Frank are watching the match. Liverpool has 28 points this season.
Tonya has a session. She had a lot of time to learn, but she left it for the last weekend.
Frankie is going to a concert of Passion, he will buy a cd and get autographs for Dan.
Richard, Thomas and Mary wrote a test. April hasn't given out grades yet.
July, Carl and Alex have two papers due next week. The new media paper is due on Tuesday. The sociability essay is due on Wednesday. They have to print it and bring it to the class.
Michael feels melancholic and he wants to watch some drama today. Gabi recommends him to see Roma.
Olivia will pick up Ivan at 6 pm.
Diana's mother died a year ago. Danielle's mother died in 1977. They used to talk every day at 9 pm.
Daniel is collecting the presentations from Start Mangt to send them to the professor by Sunday. He has received 31 e-mails out of 51 so far. The deadline is tomorrow at 23:59.
Kim and Jack landed, they are at the airport in Pisa. The flight was delayed.
Arno went to Greece and Italy last year. Anna booked the tour to Greece with "Happy Travels" travel agency. Arno gives Andrew their number.
Ben tried but couldn't help Ben with resetting the router.
Katy is at the entrance. Lucy and Lily are at the main entrance of the university. Jorge is in the library. Katy will join Lily and Lucy in 5 minutes.
Tom enjoys watching brooklyn 99.
Danny broke up with Laura a week ago. Emily is shocked about it.
Robert and Ned are getting excited for the new season of Game of Thrones.
Frank and Harriet can't meet up with Lisa this evening.
Natalia's found a divergence: the homepage says Iraq, but the articles are in Turkish. The address is from Iraq.
A new bag that Scarlet wants to buy is too shiny. Lisa and Lindsay want her to take the next one she found, which is only $20.
Tim thinks he's not good at relationships. He's always placing somebody else's interest before his.
A weird guy keeps talking to Audrey, although she doesn't respond. Emma will call her to help.
Archie has just seen Leo entering the faculty.
Tatum's teaching English at a kindergarten, but it's horrible and he can't work there. He only needs to go tomorrow, on Thursday, Friday and next Thursday and Friday. He prefers teaching teenagers and adults.
Olivia is with Emma at the doctor's. Hannah is hungry. There's nothing to eat at home. Olivia will get tacos on her way home.
Eva and Paige are going to Mark's party. The party is taking place far from the center, where buses are infrequent. Eva and Paige will take a taxi to get there and split the bill.
Mike is watching a movie on TV and Ann is bored, so they'll go bowling together.
Gina wants to grab some beer with Annie later. Annie feels she's fat and needs to work out instead.
Lara and Dad are stressed from work. Lara will see Diana for lunch on Sunday.
Angelica is a bit ill.
Jo is getting married in 8 weeks. Some of the guest haven't confirmed, so she can't plan the seating. Jo's sister plans hen weekend in Paris. Tabitha could go. Jo's mum and aunt go there as well.
Mia's mum Joanne sends her detailed instructions on how to make chicken stock (water, carrots, celeriac, pasrley, onion, a few chicken wings and spices). Mia has a date night with John and wants to cook for him.
It is very cold where Frank and Trevor are. Frank can't leave the cabin because of the snowfall in the last two weeks.
Moira is looking for a digital camera for around 500 PLN. Patrick will help her to look for it.
Jenny is going to stay 4 more days and coming back on Thursday. Owen misses her. They are invited to his mum's for Sunday, but he doesn't want to go.
Ismael went to see his family in Jordan. It was hot.
Jared found two similar looking videos. Lilly and Jared wonder if the similarity has been done on purpose. Lilly will send the videos to Jonathan.
Jake doesn't think Kyle can order prescribed medicine via shoppers.
Heather and Lola are waiting for Judy at Jason's apartment no 7.
Kim has been to Sicily in Italy. She visited the cities: Taormina, Syracuse, Gela and many small villages.
Little Keeley looks like her father Lewis as a baby. Shelly does not like Keeley wearing a bow.
Tim's mother can give up eating sweets for a longer period. Tim and Kimberly envy this ability.
Shug have seen Celie's cousin.
Nick has given a speech in front of 200 people. He was nervous, but, according to Joe, it was good.
Andy and Caron had a wonderful weekend. Caron suggested that Andy should get a dog and keep it in his work bag. They ruled out this idea eventually. Caron will come visit Andy for a few nights to cuddle up with him.
Julia may not be able to meet Kira and the others at the pub because she's working late, and then she has to help her parents with internet connection issues.
Felicia and Eva are not fans of cinemas as they consider them overall too expensive. If Eva had to choose, she would prefer Helios over Multikino. Felicia is going to watch Halloween.
Alison and Gill will meet in the centre in an hour and decide where to go.
Ryan and Tony are going to meet for a beer over a Christmas break. Mark is staying in Berlin.
Wanita will be there in 5 minutes.
Dan wants to play at Jack's place. Jack's mother will prepare mini choc rolls.
Brina will waiting for Greg in front of the coffee shop in 10 minutes.
Emily kissed a girl at the party last night and her boyfriend saw it.
Mag and Tom want to join a group of students, who want to create a movement that would demand second referendum on Brexit, or at least organize  a referendum about May's dissapointing deal in Brussels.
Zoe cannot reach her brother on messenger. When she threatens to cut his allowance, Will is there and accommodating.
Billy has won a cruise and wants to buy a new suitcase.
Jeremy and Kelly will take an Uber to the Happy Bar & Grill Rakovski .
Kirk will be at Alexa's place on Yardley St in 20 minutes. Alexa has four wine bottles at home.
Anna needs to take "The Chronicles of Narnia" to school, but Mary cannot buy it anywhere. Lora will ask Albert if he has them.
Patricia and Jane will go on an organised trip to Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia. They will go in July. Patricia will ask her boss for a time off and Jane will contact the agency. She will send Patricia the details. They will take a direct flight. The trip lasts almost 2 weeks and costs around 2k.
Anne needs to ask another favour to of Kate, that is to help her find a book entitled "Salvation and Suicide" by D. Chidester.
Steve and Anna are going to have dinner tonight. Steve will pick up Anna at 9 p.m. from the dance school after her salsa class.
Alba is not coming for the dinner with mom. Mom has been asking about Alba the whole week.
Sash is coming over to Red's with his own controller.
Rashid's son, Yusuf, went to high school. Hussein is also good.
Leah can't meet Kevin for lunch today because she has a gathering with the boss of bosses in half an hour.
Elen changed the plans due to the weather.
Emily hasn't seen "Vice". Brie has seen it with Mike and liked it, but is wondering about historical issues. Emily has a lot to do today, but may watch it tomorrow.
Laza is working now. Oki and Laza will keep talking tomorrow.
Vincent is picking up Erica at 7.15pm for a meal at Rosita's.
Nick is going to Bill's house tonight and will bring beers.
Nat and Olivia will attend the first class of 'Self-defence for beginners' on Monday.
Ian will be there in about an hour. Phil will start the meeting but won't go into details until Ian arrives.
Tom proporsed to Carol. She will celebrate it with Monica, Tina and Barb.
Claire and Patric will probably go to the cinema with Rose and John tonight. Claire and Patric are having dinner with his parents on Sunday. Claire will bake some cupcakes.
Sylvia will be late. She will come in about 30 minutes. Bill will order pizza now.
Emily wants to change her haircut but she wasn't happy with her hairdresser, so she asked Emma for contact details to hers. Emma's hairdresser usually accepts customers as they go, without appointment.
Christian is back from his trip. Steve got up early today and, took kids to school at 7 and finished his own classes at 11. Christian will finish a meeting and will call Steve.
Sebastian watched a video on youtube during a lecture and he got kicked out from the class. He will grab a beer with Flinn and Joshua tomorrow.
Maria can't find her books. John says they're on the topmost shelf, below John's files and papers. Maria finds her books.
Birgit, Isabella, Peter and Steve will meet at Vana turg.
Jasmine and Jessica are organizing a get-together for the people in their group to integrate them more. They decide to create a Facebook group for those people and then invite them to a place that offers bowling and pool among others.
Charles will come to Kate at 9 to hook up.
Scott and Tobias bought a big mirror on offer in Ikea.
Raphael was in Florence last weekend. Jeremy called him but Raphael didn't pick up. Raphael were in Florence with some friends, among them Mark. Jeremy is a bit jealous.
Tommy reveals he fancies Tara. He wants to invite her for lunch. Tara needs to check her agenda. Tara asks if he has a movie "Star".
Erasmus can't write an essay tomorrow. He should take an excuse from the doctor for his absence.
Rory and Eleanor’s favourite bookshop offers a discount on Agatha Christie’s books.
Laila is making an appointment to get her nails, facial and haircut done. Shaun invites Laila at 4 pm on Sunday.
Dylan didn't hide Maya's doll that she cannot find anywhere.
Arthur and Darren find it ironic that Environment Summit is sponsored by Coal companies.
Patrik invites Cindy to come over to his flat and watch the oscars. Cindy accepted the invitation. Patrik wants La La Land to win.
Julia doesn't know why Donald Trump won the election. James explains some reasons and recommends a book, Fire and Fury.
Francesca wanted to become a soldier. Frederick wanted to become a teacher. His math teacher died of cancer few years after he graduated.
Alex wants to chat with Agnes and Anna on the phone. Agnes is with a lawyer and Anna is at the shops. They will let Alex know when they're free.
Ava and Noah must submit their assignment tomorrow. They will meet tomorrow at 5 and help each other with problematic questions.
Sue's pet has a cancer. The tumor under his eye broke. She's taking him to vet on Monday.
Sydney needs to look for a new job as he can't stand her manager. Tatum is proud of Sydney for having the guts to tell their manager off. Rochester will talk to people about the job for Sydney.
G-Eazy's concert will take place on 25 November in Poland. Neither Marlene nor Denique are going to come.
Dr Haller died. There's a death notice on the front door of the university. George, Daniel and David will go to dr Haller's funeral.
Jason can meet with professor Johnson during his office hours, which is from 12 to 2 PM every Tuesday. He has to make an appointment first.
Tom is under the weather so he might go to bed early.
Wayne wants to know why Eva broke up with Smith.
Lily looks great in the new haircut. Lily will ask Caroline if she knows any good cleaners and Zoe will ask Paul.
Heather, Yani and others think the new Candy Crush game is childish and they dislike it.
Aretha has put some plants from Dorothea on Lucia's terrace this morning.
Susy claims that Randy's laptop is on the shelf. Randy has fed the cat.
Kevin is going to rent a flat in London first and then go for buying on Greg and Martha's recommendation.
Charlie wants to buy some dark chocolate. He should look at Simply. Next Friday Laurie will give him a lift to Lidl, where she finds products she can't find anywhere else. He's spending this weekend in London with some friends. He'll bring Laurie some digestive and marmelade — one of each.
Anna watches romantic movies and series on Netflix. She's dating a guy. Anna and Julia will watch some strong and feminine movie tonight.
Alex and Sara both come from Texas and now they live in LA. Sara doesn't go out a lot here as opposed to Alex who suggests he can take her to some of the nice places he knows one day.
Colbert said too much last night.
Daniel tries to talk Kaylee into trying base jumping, he's already got tickets, but Kaylee won't go with him, because she's afraid of heights.
Eli can't sleep. She tried to drink herbs and reading a book. Tore recorded himself reading for Eli.
Elizabeth thinks Kate is nice but Leopold finds her unsettling. Leopold reckons Kate might be a psychopath because she smiles all the time. Elizabeth suggests he is acting suspiciously.
Perry wants to work in EY. Josh knows a guy who has a junior position there and can share his experiences with Perry.
Michael spent all his savings for university fees this month.
Jenson and Alene are there. Jenson is satisfied. Fatima plans to go there with Lincoln. Alene forgot her swimming suit. Alene and Jenson will buy another one tomorrow. Alene has problems with motivation and has quit all the diets she tried. Jenson encourages Alene to treat her depressive states.
Alex will probably set notifications on his phone just for Erik. Eric is calling him right now.
Penny will come to Sam's party. Sam will go to the museum on Friday. Penny won't. Sam will give a lift to Penny's son. Penny will move her party by two weeks at Sam's request. Sam's guide on the museum tour was hard to understand. Sam had lunch at a nice restaurant later.
Pat refuses to let Cindy take Pat's bag.
Camilla's and Stina's children are going to the cinema on Wednesday before lunch. They will see Marry Poppins. They don't have to pay for the tickets. Camilla was planning to see Marry Poppins on Saturday.
Jeffrey and Marylin will binge watch something on Netflix tonight.
Marisa, Luke, Austin, Emilia and Doug have a test tomorrow. Lopez sent the presentations 3 weeks ago and they were found in the trash folder. Next time they should remember not to delete forwarded emails from their private inboxes.
Emily plans a boat trip in Croatia or Greece. It will cost around 1000 euros for 7 nights per person. 6 people declared that they will go.
Eric will pick up Loreen's parcel at the post office.
Paul is getting married.
Frank let Lucas' mother in.
Fredrik invited Patrik for a beer after work. He will join as soon as he solves the campaign-related issues.
Ricky will have a knee surgery next Thursday in Burlington. This is much sooner than the expected 2026. Ricky is scared. He'll meet with Lucy for lunch.
Hattie, Edith and Pembroke are going to Cooler's for lunch. They are meeting at 1 pm.
Peter will come to Hailey's house-warming party on Sunday.
Lily needs to study for the exam and Luke keeps sending her stuff.
William and his companion were driving from Cancun to Merida. Despite the difficulties, they found their Airbnb accommodation. Now, they have a plan to do some sightseeing in the capital of Yucatan.
Mike will drive Peter's mom to the supermarket.
Lisa is hosting a birthday dinner at 6 p.m. Matthew should buy some olive oil, tomatoes and garlic on his way.
Paula had a strong stomach ache. Ibuprofen didn't help. Frank took her to the hospital. The doctors have diagnosed an appendicitis. Paula will have a surgery today. Susan will come to the hospital in an hour.
Robert is picking Jane up and they are going out even though it's raining heavily.
Nate got a C.
Amy had an unpleasant encounter with a stranger on the bus 446 in the evening. A young man rescued her from the situation.
Bonny is angry with Mary that she asked the repairmain to come tomorrow as there will be noone at home, but it turns out that Mary is taking half a day off.
Ola will go to Turks and Caicos for the reading break. Matt can't go home, he has no money for a flight ticket. He will join Bruce and Jeannie in Carrot River. They will depart next Friday after school. Bruce will drive.
Duke can't come to the party because of an exam that he has tomorrow.
Monty needs the number of Kurt's father to ask him about something. Kurt will give Monty the number.
Rose is a fan of "Friends". Trish got a T-shirt with them, she will give it to Rose.
Kelvin helps Filip learn more about a band Filip asked about. Kelvin asks his friends involved in music and finds out the band is still playing. Filip was listening to the bands CD today. Kelvin will find out where the band will play next.
Caro came back from her travelling. Kate and Caro are meeting for lunch in Rack and Pinion on Wednesday at 2:30pm. Caro will book them a table in the lounge bar.
Regina will embroider a small table cloth with a monogram on it for Eric. Regina will choose the pattern.
Silas and Aurora say good night to each other.
Erin got those biscuits from Waitrose.
Yesterday's soccer match was disappointing. Lewandowski's first touch didn't come out well. Arjen is recovering his fitness. Midweek there'll be an important match at Old Trafford.
Samantha's buying a dress for Sara's wedding. Jonas prefers the green and blue one, doesn't like the yellow one.
Alice spent 6 hours in the train because of the weather.
Charlie's date last night was a total disaster. He came a little late because his girlfriend was never on time. When he was waiting for her, he drank some wine and talked to other girls. When his girlfriend arrived, he was drunk. She became angry and took him home.
Nora is coming to Barbara's birthday party tonight. Monica would like to stay at home, but she will pop up there for an hour too. Nora will bring Monica her book.
Paul will become manager. Dorothy and Patricia are frustrated they weren't promoted.
Aria sent Isabelle and Eliza a song. They all love it.
Russel recommends Owen a cookbook. Owen starts thinking that he should get into cooking as well.
Peter is angry, because Brexit makes UK a laughing stock.
Luke tells Cage that Netflix cancelled Daredevil for season 3.
Ian will come to the house soon, but he is stopping for fuel first. Alice has left her house keys in the car.
Henriette, Jody and Marcia didn't get the book for the mindfulness course in the college library. Henriette will order it on Amazon.
Tim is coming to Warsaw for at least a month and wants some clothing tips from Marika and Max.
Mia, Sarah and Beth are excited about Spice Girls reunion and want buy tickets to their live show.
Marianne is coming on the flight 179 from Dubai on March 9th at 11:20 am. Janet wants to use her visit as an excuse not to go to Ben's mother's birthday party on Sunday.
Jenny needed Tom's help with printing important documents, but eventually it turned out she had her Wi-Fi turned off, which solved the problem.
Mother wants to pop in but Tina is still in bed. Tina will give her a call later.
Rob and Al are meeting up for dinner, Thursday night around 6.30ish near V and A museum.
Evan is sending Alice some funny files even though he should be studying for the exam tomorrow.
People will kill each other faster than the asteroid approaching Earth, according to James. He's tired of old people making decisions for the entire nation.
Karen is waiting for Anthony with dinner but he is stuck in the traffic jam. He supposes he might be home in more than an hour so she'll have to reheat the chicken.
Alice wants Mark to change his network so they have free calls.
Andrew will be in London next week and would like to meet up. Ruth is too busy to meet up but Sophie and Irene will join him towards the end of the week.
Mark will meet Ann at her place at 11 on Saturday.
Erica and Stan are invited to Hope's big day on October 29th.
Adam didn't come as he wasn't feeling well. Hannah sends him an assignment from Mr. Peter, she also offers help.
Alan can't go to the pub tonight, because his daughter Suzie is not feeling well and his wife Meryl wants him to stay home.
Xavier has run out of his coffee. Elena asked him to buy it, along with a lot of other things, in Hale Banacha after his work.
It's winter and it's already dark at 4 pm, but Ali and Melody like winter nevertheless.
Jim will take a shower at Carl's place. The key is under the mat.
Matthew and Monica are going to the cinema on Friday, but haven't decided on a movie yet. They must go by the end of November or their vouchers will expire. Angelina is considering going to a movie about Neil Armstrong. Matthew and Monica will most likely go too and will reserve the tickets.
Kyle will pick Dotty up at the crossroads shortly. Kyle will drive Dotty to the Patches Green area and they will go for a walk there. Dotty has a healthy lifestyle.
Joshua has been waiting 50 minutes for Alfie and Alfie needs another 5 minutes to get ready.
Daniel will bring some beers for himself and David.
Lillie isn't sure about the party yet. Jeffrey has an exam on Tuesday. The party is on Friday.
Lucy and Jack have arrived to the hotel after their trip. St. Peter's Basilica is 20 minutes away and it is 20 degrees there.
Laura got some cookies sponsored by the new Mayor of Warsaw at a subway station.
Marvin texted Ruth worried about Mark since they had something to talk over and he hasn't contacted Marvin since the weekend. After calling Jodie he found out that Mark has been in the hospital with a broken leg.
Barba loves the new boutique on High Street and persuades Rella to go there with her as they know the owner.
Calvin will help Amy correct some typos on her website.
Bob and John don't like Black Friday. Harry prefers Cyber Monday, which is the Monday after Black Friday.
Ariel forgot her gloves. Rick will drop them off. Ariel wanted them to have lunch together, but Rick is fasting.
Priti went to an interview for that TA position and she met Ben from CAMP there. Priti found Ben cute.
Tracy will pick up Alan from school in half an hour.
Alex is impressed with Venom movie he saw. Brian did not have the time to watch it, but he is planning to do it over the weekend.
Robert recommends Steve watching 500 Days of Summer.
Bob recommended the sci-fi books The Expanse and Rob is interested in reading them.
Craig and Jonathan are going to eat crisps and cookies.
Max will check out the new song. Oliver loves it.
Oli broke up with Anita, and she's upset about it.
Sean can't stand the new Netflix film, Outlaw King. He thinks it is disgracing Scottish history.
Paula and Kate will call each other in the evening.
Ella won't be there tonight as she is sick.
Gaia is busy with the exams. Osana will call her in the afternoon.
Karen, Thomas and Ryan are planning what to bring to the party.
IImogen doesn't know the football schedule although she works in a pub.
Helen took Marcia's powder and forgot to put it back.
Linda and Taylor will drive Michelle to Chris' party.
Carter hasn't finished the report so his boss is mad. Madelyn will make Carter some nice dinner to cheer him up.
Anne will pick Harry up from the Sainsbury's around 5 PM.
Therese will take the dog to the vet, as Micheal can't make it.
Roger cannot cope with the kids after Kim left him. Roger will hire a child minder to avoid being late to work. Lorna will call her cousin Chris to ask if she can work for Roger.
Griffin and Cara miss each other and Griffin will come to hers later.
Frann met Diana yesterday. She didn't come to his party. Diana attended a workshop yesterday. When she's in Poland she goes there regularly.
Julia convinced Mason to buy new clothes. Mason's mother, Mia, is glad he's picking out clothes in the shop. Mason sends Mia photos of the shirts he chose. Mia advises Mason to take them both.
Barry and Michael will watch football instead of playing as Michael broke his leg yesterday.
Tamara is jealous of Casper lovingly commenting on Julie's photos, his high school friend. He will call her later and explain.
He has a fight with a school security guard, Mr. Mathews. Shanon guesses it was about cheating.
Alex needs some stuff from Mike's computer, he doesn't have a password though. The password is in the blue notebook, as Noah says. Noah is coming to the office and he'll get Alex some coffee.
Cheryl, Terry and Jen have a lot of time so they'll take a train to Berlin.
Joe can't stop thinking about yesterday's kiss with Kendy. They will see each other for Sunday lunch.
Gregory's grandma spent 3 weeks in hospital, but she's better now and she's back home. Gregory has always wanted to be a doctor, but Mary got pregnant young, and he needed to get a job, so he wasn't able to study medicine.
Chissie saw Marty's brown boots in the boot of her car.
It's Pam's birthday tomorrow. She'll go for a trip to a little town and spend some time with herself. On the weekend she'll celebrate with Wendy and Glesny.
Kate sends Jenna a video they both find cute.
Maria won’t get the biggest present because she didn’t find the last Easter Bunny.
Ashley will teach Spanish to Erin and Becky, just as she used to do to George and Kelly who recommend it. Ashley will meet them on Tuesday to give some tips before they go to a Spanish-speaking country.
Lisa had a hectic day. She will be back home this weekend and she will meet Jeremy.
Marcello uses laundromats.
The tickets for Opener cost 519 pln exclusive of taxes for 4 days if bought before 17 December. After that the price is 600 pln exclusive of taxes.
Susanna had her first day at school.
Samantha has grown a lot of apples. She will bring two baskets of them to Soph. Samantha will call Oli to ask about an organic juice producer. She thinks about taking her apples there.
Bobby has pneumonia, but is getting better.
Scott will give Kim his spare laptop.
Otto will wait at the reception desk to show the way to room 456. He'll meet Jodie and Vincent at 10.
Rita is still in the meeting. Donna will come at 4.45.
In his new profile picture Tom is wearing something silly on his head. Tom had a different Facebook profile before 2017. Milena shows Katie some of the photos from the old profile that she saved.
Meg and Muray are divorced. Meg is taking Jason to Ireland on holiday in February.
Elisabeth, Ellen, Jeff and Jeremy will have a beer night at the new Belgian bar downtown around 8 pm tonight.
Tony and Jack are leaving for Puerto del Rosario tomorrow at 8.
Sarah got some Valentine's cards this year. Brayden didn't get any card.
Tom found on eBay a book with a short story about dragons he wrote. He's been looking for it for some time.
The concert starts at 8 PM. Leslie and Christina will meet at 7 PM in front of the Dome near the statue with the birds.
Joan went missing and her parents contacted police.
Fred is watching a man being famous for eating different sorts of things in his videos. Marjorie thinks it's weird.
Mike and Dora went to Dublin. It's raining all the time. They might do the escape room later tonight. They're going to the concert tomorrow.
Judy was supposed to meet some friends for coffee, but she got stuck in the traffic and might not make it in time.
Eliza brought her new dog home. It does not have a name yet.
Petra is staying at home tonight.
Carol can shrink the oversize sweater in the dryer instead of returning it.
Sue and Andy had dinner last night. Andy liked the food, but was quiet afterwards. Andy doesn't like curry, sushi and raw food in general, but he likes Italian cuisine. Andy and Sue will meet again for dinner on Sunday.
Son has spent over 2 hours playing games. Mom wants Son to start studying for his exams next week.
Henry has to make an apple pie for tomorrow and asks his mother to buy apples
Ansel suggests that Annemarie see the film "The Cold War" with Peter.
Adam books a table in Vanessa's café for tomorrow at 12 PM.
Sandrine is considering going to Yasmina's university event on March 8th for Women's Day.
According to Gabriel and Jacob, Kathy looks very nice.
Ezra jokes about him being the Ezra Miller, the fastest man alive. Carson doesn't appreciate the joke in the middle of the night.
Wendy is going to the shop and will buy yogurt and a chocolate bar for Alex. Wendy will be back in 15 minutes.
Jake can't find a restaurant for tomorrow. Sam and Jake are ordering sushi sets no. 5 and 7, and 6 pizzas for 10 people.
Pete lost his wallet. Sandy will look for it.
Mia is in love. Emily teases her.
Peter and Wendy are leaving tomorrow.
Instead of going to church last night, Brigitte went out for pizza with Jason's parents who are visiting.
Greg needs to settle his payments before the end of March.
Jacob's girlfriend insists he become a vegan so he might give it a try. Rob is supportive of this.
Julianna thinks Europe is safer than here, because there are less laws there. Here teachers may get accused of children sexual harassment for just touching a student, which Julianna thinks might be a bit too strict, but sometimes can be good too, because some people are pedophiles after all.
Alfred will buy some milk on his way home.
Helen and Olivia are visiting Wendy tonight. Wendy is not well. Olivia will pick Helen up from 7, Randolph Avenue, Oxbridge, OX45 6DZ at 6.20.
Mike's got a new expensive bike.
Zach did poorly on his history exam and is worried about his parents' reaction. He doesn't feel like talking to Laura.
Serena has not seen Tabitha since Tuesday. Tabitha might be travelling somewhere on her own. Darin and Serena think this is bad.
Jo and Fran want to see the Tina Turner musical.
Freddie and Salvatore received a strange message in Italian from Monika. Monika forwarded the message and did not realise that it was spam.
Jane's voip phone isn't working. Gary tells her to reboot the device. If it doesn't help, he'll drop by tomorrow to check it.
Braydon wants to see what Jane is wearing to bed.
Samantha wants to know if parents are home. They are not. Susan supposes Samantha is drunk again.
The Pumpkins album is good but so short. Carrie likes "She's On My Mind" by JP Cooper.
Linda is getting married. She is choosing a bouquet.
Delia wants to have some Italian lessons with Martha. Martha moved out of Rome and she will be back in January for a few months. They will have conversations then. Martha will look for somebody for now.
Kate and Marta will meet at Marymont subway station.
Chantal and Maya will catch up over the phone on Saturday.
Joyce's mum will drop by in the evening.
Johny doesn't want to go for Love actually to the cinema, because he and Kayla have already seen it many times.
Angie took Fred's statistics book. She will bring it to school.
Henry missed the last economics class because he had to go somewhere with his brother. The teacher gave students one more week to hand in the assignment. Henry will come to class tomorrow.
He broke up with Gabrielle. Gabrielle was unhappy about the mess he made in her apartment and suggested their relationship was pointless. He immediately agreed. Gabrielle had hopes for the relationship.
Mohamed had great time with Mary. Mary wants his advice on which Arabic course to pick. Mohamed suggests classic one so Mary could talk to all the Arab world.
Alicia got engaged to Mike. They haven't set the date yet, but when they do, she'll let Sheila know.
Mandy wants to win a lottery and have a lot of money. She believes money can fix problems, unlike Mary.
Victoria and Anna discuss the show "Outlander" which Victoria recently started watching. They both enjoy "Outlander" but not "Black Sails".
John has to move due to some financial problems.
Diana enjoyed her vacation. She loved the kayak trip. She brought Michelle a gift. Michelle would like to go with her next time.
At the maths test, Sandra got 95% and Alex got 55%, which is still a pass. They are studying for the tomorrow's physics test.
Charlie will book tickets to Curacao. Robin will book the hotel. It's Black Friday so the tickets are 150$ one way.
Memphis told Tina to lock up the front door.
Kristen reassures Marcus she has arrived there.
Grey is coming to Henry because Henry has food.
Carmen watches TV and do yoga to relax. Trudy smokes weed for the same reason. Kian complains she is very stressed lately, she needs holidays. Trudy invites her for a joint. Kian renounces.
Laura's at the post office and agrees to get Hank the stamps he's asking for.
Erica and Juliet are bored at work, and there are still several hours left till the end.
Time flies and it's February already.
Sophie will come to Matt's place for breakfast on Thursday at 10 am.
Uri congratulates Avner and Yoav.
Natty has got "Air Combat Pilot".
Patty has no plans for New Year's Eve, so Jill will check if there is any accommodation available at the seaside. They won't go to Dean's party as it's dull.
Ed saw Anne Smith on the list in the music club but it is not Anne. Anne doesn't have time for this. Ed is considering joining the computer lab club.
Tyson has been stuck on the train for 40 minutes. Gabriella will take the bus then.
After weeks of delay, Sam has got those samples for Jessica.
Nash and Raymond are going to a party today.
Henrietta started her zumba classes. Rilla used to practice zumba. The classes are on Mondays at 5 p.m.
Jeremy spends Christmas with hist family, his three brothers came. Max spends Christmas with his brother and mother.
Mila is studying Food and Nutrition at UBC and renting an apartment. Mila doesn't live with Brody but they still keep in touch. She finds UBC stressful. Jason will visit Mila in Vancouver during the first week of February.
Jackie is selling cookies for Christmas charity in Lower Place. Jensen is willing to come.
Anna has been a vegetarian for a month. Anna is vegetarian too and she ate meat a few times, especially when she was hungry and couldn't have anything else. She still eats fish. Mary highly recommends chlorella (pills), vitamin B12 and D3.
Toni is in the cafeteria. She will play Fifa with Leticia. Leticia's coming in 5 minutes. Cleo's busy. She will join them in 1 hour.
On behalf of the Committee, Christopher invites Amanda to the 14th Congress of Internal Medicine, to be held Barkley Street on 14th of December 2018. Amanda will be unavailable then. Christopher wants Amanda to tell her husband about the Congress, it could be interesting for him.
Edward will meet John at 10 am and give him a lift.
Caron will see Dee in 5. Caron is in the office. Dee will buy milk as Caron's nearly out.
Marcin has shown Anna the newest interview with Nel.
Enrique starts his European tour on May 1st and his concert in Poland will be held on May 7th in Cracow. The tickets cost from 180 to 300 PLN. Diane and June are buying the tickets in the "Golden Circle" area. They will departure on 4.05 and return on 8.05.
This year Sophie is going to the festival with William. He recommended the concerts of Charlotte Gainsbourg and Thom Yorke.
Thomas is buying tickets. Mike and Jane choose aisle seats, Patricia prefers window.
Kevin shared his music with Margaret. She bought him a voucher for music classes. She's going to listen to it after her meal.
Sophia is waiting for dad to come home and take her for dance classes. Jacob has asked Ethan to text Sophia when dad comes home.
Jelmer booked a table for five people. Friends will gather on Friday at 8:30 pm.
Benjamin had a car accident. Nobody got hurt but the car is crashed. He is talking to the police.
As soon as Carlie is done with her part of the presentation, Gavin will merge all the slides together.
Brook will celebrate her birthday with Melissa and her closest friends. Melissa will choose a place to go for the birthday dinner. After dinner they will go to the pub.
Jim will bring some green tea and a scone on Elena's request.
Mary thinks she's pregnant. John wants to take her to the doctor's to confirm it.
Joe will buy food for Quentin.
Diana - Alexander's flatmate has been unpleasant to Landon. Alexander doesn't want to live with her, but he can't move out until 30th of July, unless he finds someone to take his room.
James, Laura and Donna will meet at 12.
Ian is going to wear brown trousers and a black sweater at the party tomorrow. Ian will let Evan know how it goes.
John and Hamish haven't seen each other for  about 25 years. John lives in Nottingham, Hamish in Hull. Anna works at university, they have 4 kids with Hamish. John broke up with Zoe 10 years ago, now he is married to Zara and they have a son, Stefan, called Spike. John runs a homeless shelter.
John will see Dora as soon as possible because she has some bad news for him.
Stacey signed Ginnie on the list. Ginnie wasn't there because she had a package to pick up.
Brad booked time off next month, on the 20th. Brad and Claire are going on vacation to Spain or Italy. They want to rent a house so they can cook and save on food.
Abbie needs to talk to someone, she wants to call Kelly. Kelly has some errands to run but can talk for a bit. Abbie will call her now.
Woolies and Robert wish each other a merry holiday season.
The weather is nice, so Joan and Layla are going to Camden Market together.
Alice confirms Jason's booking.
Sylvia will meet Sandy tonight around 7 o'clock.
Giselle and Braxton have broken up because of his short temper.
Gary arrived at his meeting without trouble.
Maria and Jeff are in their room. Jose can't come, because he's Cuban. They will come out after 5 pm when it's cooler. Jose'll write where they can meet.
Martin congratulates Ruth on her finishing second.
Eva is going out with Tom Morgan and she wants to look gorgeous. They are going to La Donna Pasticella restaurant. Grace suggests a red or orange dress but Eva prefers a black one.
Ann needs to get to the rehabilitation center today, and Mike is working, so she asks Mark for help.
Matt told mother about Pete. He didn't know it was a secret. Louise is angry with him.
Eve is replacing a friend at work tomorrow morning and she cannot meet Irene. Irene shows understanding.
Evie has not been successful in the sales in Zara, but Isabella has found something nice.
Jake is at home. Peter will come in and bring some beer.
John and Mary have not been getting along recently. They are meeting tomorrow to talk.
Michael's parents finally agreed to buy the dog, a wire fox terrier. The parents made Michael sign a "contract" that he is the owner of the dog, so he's responsible for him and has to take him for a walk, and so on.
Keara's sink doesn't drain properly. Lenny and Nick recommend plumbers they know to Keara. Sarah has used Asda's drain unblocker and it worked well. Keara has used several unblockers and they don't work in the long run.
According to Heather and Paulina, the person who won the community award is a fraud.
Bart is on a diet. He eats two apples, one banana, and one orange every day. He doesn't like vegetables.
Fiona and Gina are in a film school. Fiona has problems with writing an essay on dialogues. Gina is writing about director's vision.
Victoria and Jack are throwing a birthday party for mum. They invited the guest and are planning the food.
Jenny is preparing herself for Halloween and Kim is wishing all happy Halloween.
Stewart sends Rod his email address: stewart@gmail.com. Stewart will check his mailbox in five minutes.
Heather refuses to go dancing with Nicole tonight as she's already in bed.
Judie wants to watch "Altered Carbon". Mark has watched it already and wants to get the book it is based on.
Fiona will send Jen more pictures of the catacombs by email.
Malvin and Martine are trying to book accommodation for their families. They need 5 hotel rooms or a big apartment. Martine has found 2 small flats in one building. Liv finds it too far but they are going to ignore her.
Jack found his glasses on the table.
Marion thinks the food she ate with Amya last night was tasty, but Amya disapproves.
Raquel can't go because her car broke down. Noel offered to take her.
It's been 2 months since Stanley and Angela's graduation. Stanley and Angela are trying to arrange a meeting of their old group to celebrate. They want to meet on Saturday. Some of their friends might be available, others can't come.
Rascal plans to attend a med school.
Jarrett is watching Amy despite seeing it with Lyndon two weeks ago. Padget loved the film and the girl, while Ronni feels sad she is gone. Jarrett talks about the 27 club but Lyndon considers it to be bollocks and teases him about it.
Will will get Iona some water.
Mick is joining Damon and Tim in the Devil's Face pub.
Alba should arrive at 6 as she picked the slow train. She didn't want to spend another night in Lopburi and the tickets for the fast one were sold out.
Joanne has something to tell Bradley, but he's busy at work now. He will let her know later.
Linda and David are meeting at 7 this evening.
Tina, Lucy and Marge will meet at 6 PM instead of 5 PM on Friday as there's a possibility for Tina to go to the hairdresser at 4 PM. Tina has been waiting a long time for the appointment. The hairdresser has good reviews.
Mia needs "The Book of Life" by Gregory Samak for literary meeting tomorrow.
Molly will consider Oliver for her next freelance job.
Martha got an orchid for her birthday. Jill will e-mail her some links.
John's son will be born soon, so Jacob, Alfie, Charlie and Leo want to chip in for a gift. Jacob proposes a rocker and Alfie proposes a huge teddy bear. Alfie will ask if John already has a rocker.
Viloet is nervous about seeing David and his girlfriend. Molly will give her the pie recipe.
Filip will be there in 5. Aleksander is walking due to some accident. Iga explained Filip and Aleksander are on their way.
Tim has never tried parachuting.
Adam isn't able to come to Lilly's reception. Lilly sends a video to show the others how the ceremony will look like. There'll be no alcohol at her reception.
Amy doesn't want to get to know Mike.
Igmar is applying for a customer service job tomorrow at 10 am and needs Ingmar to check her CV, especially the education section.
Luka doesn't understand his mother's instructions how to prepare his meal. Emily advises him to preheat the oven to 180 degrees and warm the dish for 30 min.
Sam likes the picture of the dress Laura is trying on. She thinks she needs to wear a different bra under it.
Otto might be going to Hawaii for the next vacation. Leon will stay home.
Dexter is waiting for Ollie in front of the school. Ollie will reach him in 10 minutes.
Louis and Elena had to stay in Paris. Elias, Jenny, Kamil, Tom, Iseabail, Ignatio, Lia and Anca will have dinner at Don Féfé on Friday at 7.30.
Courtney and Lauren will maybe meet for a beer tomorrow as Lauren has to stay at home because John has some plans. Her kids should be in beds by 8 pm.
Ethan suggests Oscar not pursue a long-distance relationship with a female who lives in Manchester.
Diana shares the Queen song with Sophie and Aurora.
Mahmoud and Aisha are expecting a baby. They will go out for dinner with Barry and Sheila to celebrate. Barry has taken 2 college students to help out around his shop but will have to look for someone permanent in a couple of years.
Dan is making salmon for dinner with Lee tonight and for Lee's lunch for work tomorrow. Lee prefers the least calorie option.
Victor makes a few offensive and aggressive remarks about his boss, Max, and by mistake sends them to his boss. A due apology follows Max's temperate response.
Pascal wants to buy a new smartphone for his dad, because his old Sony sucks. Jason suggests a $280 off deal for an LG V30+. Margaret thinks the quality isn't very good and she's going to suggest some better alternatives later.
Sally is the only woman in the company.
Paul was calling Nick. He got the job. Nick will be at Paul's place at about 8.
Zora, Randall, Boris and Sheila are going to winnipeg for the jets versus avalanche game.
Elroy, Carleton, Bramwell, Prentice, Lou and Sly are going to meet at Sly's place for New Year's Eve. Sly suggests byob and byo food. There's not going to be more than 15 people there.
Rosy will send the job offer of Julie's company to Mike.
Sophia asks Destiny and Nora for advice about some summer-in-winter vacation. Peter doesn't want to go for more than 10 days, so Destiny suggests a compromise, so Sophia can stay there a few days more on her own and Peter comes back earlier.
Katrina is cheating on her boyfriend Alex. Brooke and Karina saw her in the Shoppers with a man.
Pat would like to run a test on the brain, but she does not know how exactly it should be done. Mandy cannot help her but she supports Pat. She suggests they can grab a beer some day.
Klara wishes Moses a happy birthday.
Amelia informs there are Black Friday discounts on some products.
Kadence and Jolie would like to go on holiday tomorrow.
Rose invites Juan, Vincent and Anne to their wedding on May, 22nd.
Emily will try to visit Ethan this month. They haven't seen each other for 5 months.
Katya is upstairs. Jenny and Matilda are coming with a cake.
Ivy asks Derek for advice on photography. Derek suggests that she should pay more attention to lighting and framing.
Matt reminds Denise to call her mother.
Amy will bring her old clothes to Gina on Sunday. Amy sent Gina photos of her new clothes.
Ophelia and Oliver love a new song which was uploaded yesterday. Max hasn't heard it yet.
Art is looking for Hailey. According to Hartley, she mentioned that would visit parents today.
Stacy edited Doug's press release and needs his approval. Dough needs to touch up the photo so they can get it out today.
Lucy is looking for her dad, she is worried. Patty suggests he probably has been drinking last night, and had his friends over.
Lannie's father is on his way to meet her new boyfriend, Newel.
Seth's computer doesn't beep. He follows Albert and Rory's advice and checks the motherboard.He discovers that some lights blink and then stop at DRAM. Seth will try reseating the memory sticks and different combinations of slots, and then let Albert and Rory know.
Finn reminds Jake he drank all of his vodka.
Mary Jones wants to open an account at Deutsche Bank.
Lila has just came back from holidays in Italy. It's been raining all July where Gill is. Gill is going to Italy next week. Lila and Gill will meet before Gill's departure to share tips.
Ian made a reservation at Fergie's for 2 pm. Courtney, Tom, Doris and Frank will join him. They will gather together at 12:00 to take a walk before lunch. Ian suggests to leave cars next to the castle, because the other parking is tiny.
Emma is insomniac because of work stress.
Evan is trying out Netflix Ultra at 70 PLN a month. Jonny and his girlfriend will chip in.
Liv is going to buy it. She feels comfortable and warm in it even though it's short.
Samantha travels to the UK and will stay in some hostel near Kensington Gardens. Veronika flies from Prague and will meet her on Thursday. They didn't see each other for 4 years.
David is going to the beach in the afternoon. Howard will join him.
Nathan bough a new comic book. Charlotte bets 5 bucks he will not read it within a year.
It would be the best option for Doylan to go home on Friday and party on Saturday.
Harlee sent Stu money for Robocar Poly. Stu will send the item to Harlee.
Charles and Rob are annoyed by people who act as if they were experts on everything when they discuss politics etc. online.
Jeff and Kim returned the car to the office. The guy who's working there didn't find any scratches on it.
Barry can't be at an agreed place on time because of a huge traffic. If he gets out of a tram, Monica will pick him up on her way.
Camilla, Sophie, Elizabeth and Marge agree by voting that their next book will be "A Mercy" by Toni Morrison.
Yvon confirmed that Marya's mobile number is 01753 98265371.
Patrick's grades have been good lately. Patrick helps Meryl with her homework every day. Patrick wants to impress a girl. Jimmy will lend Patrick his car on the condition that he doesn't speed and is back home before 10.
Lam is about to take a flight. He will see Larry tomorrow.
Colin is on holidays with mom and is checking on Tom how he's doing at school.
Peter has been attacked in a park and has a broken arm and a concussion. Julia is already at the hospital. Kate will be there in 10 minutes.
Monica is free this weekend. Mike is busy. Mike's birthday was last weekend. Monica didn't send him greetings on that day.
Pauline and Stanley are taking their cats to the vet tomorrow at 6. Pauline will leave work earlier so they can eat dinner before the appointment.
Kristina visited Newcastle and partied with Simon and Steve last night.
Max was at a work-related event this evening. They didn't win anything, but they got nominated twice. His flight is tomorrow at 11. He will stay in London until Saturday. On Saturday he is coming home and taking Julia to dinner.
Caro received apologies from her prince charming and Bet is happy for her.
Julie wants Dennis to clean the chandelier in the living room.
Ella reassures Jane that Danny will attend Scott's party on Saturday at 4 pm.
Isla has a problem with work. Oscar is free at 7pm and will come to Isla and help her. Isla will cook pasta.
Loretta got a missed call from Amy on messenger, but Amy didn't call her.
Gloria might be able to come to Oslo for a few days in March. She dislikes flying.
Liam will get drunk with his cousin and send Connor some videos of the jam session in voodoo.
The piercer didn't know what to do with Cassidy's ring.
Joe and Henry are excited about the game they are going to.
Amber has seen George. Amber thinks George is cute. Amber has him on facebook.
Julie is going to New York to visit her friend. Sophie will probably go to Cuba in summer.
Donatella hasn't responded to Ronaldinho's text for 15 minutes.
Abigail bought a new couch and she will give the old one to Anna.
Nicole thought the guy was going to hit the girl. Both Nicole and Katy think she would have deserved it. Katy ignores her and just thinks of the money.
Christine scolds Angelina for having sent the graduation pictures to that bitch.
In Amelia's view a partner must have some skill in singing or be able to accept others singing or, as Tash chimes in, to take care of children when others sing.
Kathy looks different today. Joseph suspects she ineptly changed the shape of her eyebrows.
Diane and Sam will meet up at 3. Sam will get a small gift for Timmy.
Harry has stones sent to Jack. They will arrive next week. Harry has sent him photos of the rubies and their details.
Emma's son, Charlie, has lice again. Emma, Holly, and Jack are going to take care of him over the week. Emma needs to wash all Charlie's belongings, couches and car seats. Emma has everything she needs, except a steamer. Holly and her husband will help Emma tonight. They will also bring meatloaf.
Darren didn't see Ryan at the gym as he's been working nights in the warehouse. Ryan isn't coming on Friday either. Ryan will give Darren a bell.
Martin recommends a new movie called Money Heist to Adele as he thinks Ozark is too American. Both thinks that the season 5 of the House of Cards was great but Adele did not know that Kevin Spacey will not be part of the cast in season 6.
Sue's printer stopped working. Sam and John are trying to help but to no avail. Sam is going to repair it when he's back.
Julianna is bored. Ivona suggests that they watch the new TV show "Deal or No Deal" together.
Heidi came back. Darrell has moved to Lublanska, Heidi and Darrell work close to each other now, but Darrell has to commute 2,5h every day. Darrell doesn't want to take his car as it burns a lot of fuel. He doesn't have the money to buy a new car. Heidi and Darrell will meet for lunch at 12:30.
Fred can't access their google account and wants Lana to send him some pdfs.
Damian took a picture with Dwayne Johnson's doppelganger at the gym.
Robin forgot to pay rent. The landlord is upset. Robin promises Bruce a beer to make up for it.
Thomas is in Berlin for a few days now. Della was busy. Thomas had a hard time because he was finishing his thesis and wanted to leave Madrid to have a break from Sultana. Thomas is having his thesis defense next week. Della will call Thomas now.
Mike and Sam are trying to repair Sam's BMW. The alternator broke down. They have bought a new one and have to install it.
Adrian won't come to see Ronaldo and Grace as he went out yesterday and drank too much. He goes to sleep. Ronaldo will come back soon and hopes to see him then.
Harry and Joseph are very excited about seeing Russell tomorrow night. Lizzy and Sadie aren't coming. Harry will pick Joseph at 6.30.
Mary and Tom miss each other. They will meet tomorrow.
Miranda works all the time even on weekends. Miranda's friends piss her off with their good advice. Tommy reckons Miranda will be successful. Tommy is drinking with some old friends today.
Caro is launching her own company and is busy. Talya dances as much as she can and works at a Turkish-Polish foundation. Talya is working on a project launching in October. The premiere is planned for May, but Talya hasn't booked the theater space yet. There's a big theater festival in May.
They are late for their appointment with Trevor.
Sue got back home really tired. Jack reminds her to get ready for the event.
Claire got a job offer for a Paid social manager. They work with the fashion industry, so it's interesting for Claire. However, it's in Swansea. She would prefer something in London or another big city. She's also getting many offers from Ireland.
Ursula informs Jennifer and Maya that there's a new cocktail bar serving cocktails, wines and bites next to the place she lives. They all agree to meet at the bar on Friday after 4 pm.
Jasmin wants to talk to Ralph, but he has just woken up. Jasmin will get back to him later.
Eve is going to watch the new Aquaman this weekend. Daniel and Jil are going to join Eve. Arthur watched Aquaman online and he recommends it.
Georgia is tired most of the time because of her pregnancy. Leighton is chatting with people from work and looking at vegan accounts on Instagram.
Harper is sitting alone at home because Tom went for a beer with some friends from school. Camila had a hard week at work and now she is on the way to her parents to spend a relaxing weekend with her mum.
Teresa hasn't played her Dixit yet because she'd need 5 people for it. She will organize a group with Melinda's help.
Courtney agrees to be the group leader but cannot come until Saturday morning instead of Friday. Ellis has no materials to send to her, as they will all be given there. Courtney will have a group of about 6 children aged 12-15, with Anna Knightley and Olivia Jordan probably participating in it.
David, Ivy and Olympia have the presentation in two weeks. They are meeting on Saturday morning at Olympia's to do all the presentation.
A politician that Damon, Drake and Darcy do not like got a monument of himself. It reminds Darcy the monuments put up during the soviet occupation. Drake thinks the monument won't stay long because a new government will get rid of it.
Samuel has just left, so Ricky is leaving as well. Samuel and Ricky will meet in a moment.
Ike, Mitch and Gus will meet on Saturday at 6 pm to watch the game together.
Ben, Jay, Paul, Mary and Betty will meet up for a pizza and wine.
Amber sends Adam a photo of the parcel with the purses.
Joe was tagged on the photo with a pretty girl.
Marsha was in Paris for a month during her summer break. Jacob worked as a warehouse assistant the entire time.
Florence injured her leg while running. She can't come tomorrow. Jenson will pick her up from her place tomorrow around 6 pm.
Finn's getting ready for his wedding. Rory's preparing his speech, so Finn gives him some advice. They'll be both wearing kilts. They're planning to meet when Rory comes south.
Dan will get Jimmy some fries with ketchup and mayo.
Tom and Rebecca are in Tunis. Although it rained there it's not cold. Rachel suggests Tom and Rebecca could visit Algeria next. She states that it's safer than Tunisia. She wants to meet in Algiers. Tom and Rebecca will consider it, but they have little time. Lia envies them the journey.
Lea and Mark had a car accident. They are unharmed, but their car is totally destroyed. They will not be able to go on a trip with Julia today.
Lena is not pleased with the amount of homework she has been given.
Laura needs to buy tablet or iPad. iPad's video quality isn't impressive. Josh sends Laura a collation of Apple, Samsung and Xiaomi's tablets. Laura will compare them. They will discuss it tomorrow.
Amy is angry, because Hilda is smoking inside the house.
Angelica is angry with Andrew because of the fight they got into yesterday. Muriel suggested she needs some time off because all the fights result from seeing each other every day.
Zack called Petra, but she didn't answer because is in lectures all day. Petra will call Zack back during the break. Zack can write to Petra because she can read and write during the lecture. Petra can't talk or listen during the lecture.
Tori talked to the doctor, but he was busy and Tori does not have any news. Dad wants to go home and assures that he is fine. Tori will let Grayson know as soon as she talks to the doctor again.
Marie and Jerry can't open the file for Monday classes. Clara can’t even log to her email. Alex can send them the file, because she had downloaded it before the link expired. They had only 3 days to do it.
Adam has ordered a drawing tablet and proper drawing software for his girlfriend.
Anne is going to bring Nicole the lunchbox she forgot.
Leo is going to order pizza. Nick will join Leo in 5 minutes.
Phoebe is buying her first car with aid from Ross. Before taking the final decision, she should check the car's CarFax report, the VIN, and make sure it has no flood damage.
Daniel did not notice whether Ethan was staring at Chloe during the presentation.
Ricky and Kelly are going to catch up at Tiffani's on Friday around 7.
Miles's new car won't start even though he keeps trying and trying.
Mia is back home.
Carl can't come to the party because he has a date. Carl and Steve will meet in the bar tomorrow.
problem with visualization of the content
Johnny's on the third episode of the crime show Devin's recommended to him. Johnny's astonished by the action twist but Devin assures that the episode 9 will be a shocker for him.
Mark forgot doing his homework, so he is going to copy it from Thomas.
Sharon loved the speech that Mr. Swan gave at the university yesterday. Bennett is considering becoming a writer. Sharon encourages Bennett to do it.
Daryl is sick and, with Mom's consent, won't go to school.
Lisa spent a nice the afternoon with Victor and his daughters. They were at a restaurant to celebrate Victor's birthday. They really liked the wine and vegetarian food. They took many pictures together.
Caleb will visit Zoe today at 4pm. Zoe needs to reschedule private tutoring. Caleb will come back at 11pm.
Micheal can't visit Jennifer tonight. He is going to do that tomorrow at 8 pm.
Kelly still works in the bank. Joe was there last week to deposit a cheque, but didn't see her. Kelly is with Adam now. Adam has his own company, a kebab van, and has ambitions to develop his business. Joe saw Adam outside the pub one night.
Linda and Charles are getting married tomorrow. They can't wait for the honeymoon. They can't see each other until the wedding.
Chris lent Cecilia his notebook and wants it back now.
Mom will buy some chips for Ross. Mom won't buy Ross a new phone as he doesn't take care of the one he owns now.
Mr Lang's daughter Emily won't be there today, as she broke her arm yesterday evening. Mr Lang will send Mr King the certificate. Mr King will inform Ms Dotty.
Bubbles in not very impressed with her cousin's new boyfriend.
Max and Ben will meet on Saturday to play tennis. Ben plays squash every Sanday. Max will join him next Sunday. He has never played it.
Ann and Laura are leaving in 10 min and they're going by car. Regina will join them.
Monica sent a picture of snow falling here to Tim.
Mason and Daniel both agree that kids should be vaccinated.
Amparo, Javier and Mike are going to go to the Rastro and La Central tomorrow. Javier will let them know where they are meeting when he finds the right place.
Eva and Wolf are going on vacation tomorrow. Sue sold the car for 2000 rand and she has more space in the garage now.
Sarah got the acting job she told Miles about. They'll celebrate it at the restaurant at the corner of 2nd Avenue and 41st St.
Peter and Ashley are going to Calgary Stampede next year. Luke and Hayley are also coming. Peter and Ashley are meeting tomorrow to discuss the plans.
Ross invited Cornelia to a home-cooked dinner. Cornelia doesn't believe in Ross' culinary skills, so she will bring frozen lasagnas. They are meeting at 8 o'clock.
Justin did not walk the dog despite Dorothy's request and will do it now.
Henryk makes derogatory comments about people working as baristas. But their job is hard and they have the right to make mistakes.
Bruno needs milk to make pancakes. He will go to the shop now and, at dad's request, buy some butter, too.
Max and the other's have changed the location. Joe is here.
Stephen is looking for a new show to watch. Ann is not a fan of This Is Us. She recommends I Love Lucy instead.
Pat is packing for Rome. Pat booked a table at a restaurant overlooking the Colosseum. Emma is envious, but she was in Rome many times.
Wendy's giving Isabel a dolls house for her birthday. They have no furniture or dolls yet, so it's an idea for Isla. Something from Paw Patrol or drawing and painting things are further ideas. The party is on the 17th.
Paul is claustrophobic and is having an MRI scan next week.
Andy hasn't seen Bodyguard, the new Netflix series. So far it consists of six 1-hour episodes. Mark thinks it's the best thriller ever. Lauren almost got a heart attack watching it.
Simon didn't wait for Joe to get ready and went to Half Moon without him. Masher was supposed to pick Joe up at 7:30 and bring him to the pub but he forgot. Joe can never rely on Simon.
Jeff missed the Polish lesson last night, because he got sick. Rita will help him to make up the lesson. The next lesson may be rescheduled.
Abigail reckons there is no home without a pet. Amelia and Abigail are both cat lovers.
Boris and Cyril are going to attend Michelle's house party this evening. The party is informal and there is no dress code.
Kate will not come because she has a cold.
Andy and Sonia are going out together.
Poly saw a disturbing documentary about China.
A letter sent by Agnes did not reach Lucy and she suspects that Chris might have something to do with it.
Bernie agrees to post information about the event involving the networking drinks via Twitter. The meeting takes place at Scolt's Head at 5.15.
Grayson bought an expensive coffee machine for the office. The service person that used to work there was bad at his job.
The group's meeting at Starbucks at the railway station.
Anna is broken-hearted after a break up with her boyfriend. She needed to end it but she still misses him.
Balthazar recommends Melissa Alexandria Quartet by Durrell to read during Christmas break.
Hans has THAT photo.
Julie found 4 theatre tickets on the pavement today. The show is "Nora" by Ibsen. She will go to see it with Marie.
Lawrence is disappointed with Manchester United's performance this season. Both he and Julius believe the team needs changes to improve.
Roland will join yoga classes as suggested by Walter.
Sammy completed it late, which is OK.
Robert and Zack will meet around Christmas, as they do every year.
Fiona and Raul are ready to take off.
Cathy is having her hair cut today, she wants a change and taking care of her long hair is difficult. Martha wants a change too and she's considering going blonde.
Brian and Monica are leaving in a moment. Paul has already left.
Owen and Lara are going to the cinema to watch the new James Bond movie.
Terry gets off work around 5. Jerry will pick Terry up for a surprise.
Madison prepared a meal which looks delicious and proudly shares a picture of this with Ralph.
Teddy bought a mountain bike. Robyn is not interested.
Amy invited Zilda and her partner to her wedding next year. Zilda's partner died last year.
Chris will walk around naked for the whole day on Jane's request.
Sarah was offered a job in Cork, Ireland. She has never been there. She lives in London. She will think about it.
Alison reschedules her meeting with Emma for tomorrow at 5 pm.
Vincent and Eric enjoy playing the Warframe game. They plan to play it together someday.
It is dark today and it is raining. A "cocoa day" is a day when you feel like covering yourself with a blanket and drinking cocoa.
Jazmin has been visited by her cousin from Poland. They went to Vatican.
Wendy will make Rob coffee. Rob didn't want to shout as the cat is sleeping on his desk.
Lara is proud of her daughter, Jenny, who is moving to Manchester.
Eddie has learned to log in to his PC without issues. He has not learned how to use a printer, though.
The movie has almost started but Paula is going to be late, as usual.
Terry won't come tomorrow as she is ill. Terry has good neighbors.
Donna is watching Gilmore Girls once again and she's hungry. Donna is going to watch only Orange Is the New Black from now.
King Street is closed. Something fell on the road. Penny will let the trucks know to go around.
Julie tends to forget things when she's packing before a trip. Julie will send the list to Naomi tomorrow. She will check if it has essentials.
Everett and Emily want to get in touch with Tristan, who's been lately very busy in his new job. Emily will contact him because Everett doesn't have his number.
Randall wants to meet Peyton for drinks on Friday at a cafe he discovered yesterday. It is located by the park, next to the Chinese store in a small chopping centre. It has nice chairs.
Evan's car has broken down again and he needs to save money for a new one. He cannot use public buses to go to work because of their schedule.
Andy found two locations for tomorrow's session. Agnes will come to Andy's at 9.00. She should bring comfortable clothes in bright colours.
The watch Ellie wanted is on sale but Ellie won't buy it because it's not silver.
Sean is going shopping and will buy a couple of things for Richard's barbecue. Sean will not be then drinking as he will be the designated driver. Next month however, at Marty's party, Sean will drink and won't be the driver.
Sebastian will drop by after 4 to bring Stanley's possessions that he borrowed for his holiday trip.
It's Dasy's last hours at home. Dasy have checked everything. Molka thinks the last year's proxy to collect Dasy's mail won't be valid anymore. Dasy will leave a new proxy for Molka.
Kelly got mad at Chad because he didn't pick up the phone when she called him 12 times and then forgot to call her back.
Claire wants to eat spaghetti. Josh will buy some meat after work. It will be about 6 because they are staying a bit longer at work. 1 pack of meat is enough because thay are going to Tom tomorrow.
Neither Kyle nor Sarah have seen that before. They don't wish to see it again.
Ben saw last episode of the Simpsons.
Susanne, Lilly and Rachel are going to a concert together.
Ingmar's coming to London and asks for recommendations. Kevin recommends him Dino's pizza, Xiao Mimi Creperie.
At the party, drunk girls jumped into the pool. Luke passed out early and slept through most of the event. Ken got very drunk.
Vicky believes Linda is not a good cook.
Norma works full-time, earns good money and prepares for her accountancy exams at home. Helena is still busy doing the Milk Round and suggests to make plans for Christmas.
Jeff, Peter and Tom can all meet on Fuerteventura. Tom is flying there on January, 28th, and Jeff and Peter will be there January 20-31st.
It's Zoe's birthday. Sam gives her wishes. Zoe didn't expect Sam to remember her birthday.
Carmen is looking for her Victor Hugo book. He described many buildings thoroughly. She needs it for her architecture class. Agata had borrowed it, but she had returned it. Carmen will text Mike.
Ella wants Cecil's recommendation on where to buy dog's food.
Melly reminds Noah to not forget his passport and wishes him a great trip.
James and Patricia are sitting at the gate at the Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris. Patricia's friend had many problems with the border control.
There's a film with Emma Watson in theaters now. Lisa has a chemistry test tomorrow and has to study. Hannah and Lisa will see the film on the weekend and go to Starbucks afterwards.
Susan and Martin are meeting on Thursday at one for lunch at a vegan restaurant Edamame as Susan's gluten intolerant, allergic to spicy food and a vegetarian. Susan'll bring a book "The Source" for Martin.
Greg's funeral will be held tomorrow. Many people will be attending.
Don will order Mexican for lunch.
Kim and Tony are supposed to meet on Sunday.
Keith and Natalie will meet in the Old Town tomorrow. Keith needs to be at his school for a moment.
Mia is ironing before she packs for the flight. Adam doesn't want her to be late.
Vanessa, Daisy and Amelia are supposed to wear casual clothes today.
Lee overcooked the salmon, because he did not follow the David's recipe precisely.
Michael's parking spot is busy third time this week. He left a note and let know the security. He called them, but they cannot move the car.
Josh needs Wednesday afternoon off as it is his nana's birthday. Lindsey has plans. Tori needs Friday evening off so is fine with Wednesday instead.
Bridget is closing Christmas Party list on Thursday. Hannah will bring some cookies, and Eva will bring a cake. Alex won't come, because he has an exam on Monday. Julia, Thomas and Eva need to submit their reports until 9 pm today.
It's going to rain. Sally didn't take an umbrella with her. Amanda will give Sally a ride home. Sally will be home around 4 PM.
Jonas and Rose will go out tonight.
Jade is buying tickets for "Pirates of Penzance". Millie wants Jade to buy her 3 tickets as well. They cost GBP 4.50 each.
Kate is tired of studying, she has a test in 5 days. Agnes suggests going out but Kate declines, she prefers taking a bath.
Marie will call Sandra to invite her over for coffee. Bob and Aaron want Sandra to convince Marie to let Vicki go to a school trip for a week.
Francie advised Maya to pick the turquoise dress for a date.
Ray is a purebred Scot.
Judy doesn't reply to any of Giovanni's texts. He likes her. Erick comforts Giovanni.
The next meeting of the fan club is on Friday. Willow will proofread Barry's sign-up sheets before he makes the copies. The sheets for each of the two volunteer groups will be different colour. Barry will have the role assignments for his meeting with Willow at around 2.
Neither Piotr nor Jill know Spanish. Polish diacritics change the pronunciation of letters.
Monica's sending Wagner and Fred her pictures from 2002. She was blonde with long pink nails and she loved miniskirts then.
Matt is driving over for dinner with Nicole but he will be late.
New York Times wrote a controversial article about Guyana. The country was called a vast watery wilderness with only three paved highways. People are posting their reactions on twitter.
Amanda doesn't want to believe the man she likes is going out with Ms Johnson.
Julia and Angus want to make a reunion for the group form Sheffield.
Mona has been watching Luther TV-series and recommends it to Gary. They discuss other TV-series which Mona likes, but Gary doesn't.
Arnie wants to buy something for his wolf. Omer bought a sex toy for his girlfriend.
Annabell got sunburned. Valentin suggests she should put some cream.
Tim's mum has a new boyfriend. Tom and Tammy already knew.
Bryan and Richard will participate in the meeting. CEO will be present there. Richard will present the financial reports during the meeting.
Chris didn't contact Joe for 2 months after he came back. They will try to meet up and party in December.
Polly's flight is 18 minutes late. She is boarding.
Anne likes some actor even though she didn't enjoy his movies. Jamie never heard of him but will watch him in the tv series Atlanta with Danny Glover.
Jack and Jake are meeting tonight. They'll have a few beers they'll assemble Jake's wardrobe.
Janet needs to see the doctor and decides to ask Mrs Peabody to keep an eye on the kids as Jack won't be back for another hour. Janet leaves dinner for Jack in the oven.
Dean and Matt like Sophie. Tomorrow Matt is helping dad with his car.
Toni, Gianmarco and Fabio are going to meet on Tuesday, 12th, as their Friday's training is cancelled.
Manda underwent surgery. She will meet Kayleigh tomorrow at 7.
Greg is humming a song but can't remember singer's name.
Carlos needs to talk to Tim on the phone.
Borys asks her sister Adria if there's any dinner at home. Their mum left some soup in the fridge and some meat in the oven.
Amy has to deal with him on daily basis at work and she doesn't like it. She cannot fire him because of the company policy.
Frank wants to authenticate Canadian documents during a stay in Finland. Paul explains how to do it in detail.
Ann is at home in bed.
Melissa has just landed in Rome. Melissa is sick and she has a jet lag. Ann and Melissa are meeting tomorrow. Joan is happy that Melissa is back.
David wants to quit his job because of the sudden changes in the working system. David has pointed out the flaws of the system but nobody's cared. David wants to find another job in the near future.
Isabel will check Cambridge and Oxford dictionaries per Jada's recommendation.
Jude told Kim he had a sexual encounter. Kim was OK with that. They fell out. Kevin, Alex and Sam are dating online. Kevin is soft and shy.  He's not looking for a serious relationship right now. Jude and Kevin are just friends.
Lisa's at her friend's house. She's not sure yet if she's coming back home for the night or not. Dad offered to pick her up if she needs that.
Hannah doesn't want Ariel's help with drilling.
Lia will call Alice, because she forgot Alice's address. Kelly could not help, as she remembers only the bus stop next to Alice's house.
Peter and Kate are going to the cinema to see Spiderman. They will meet at 6.
Mia got back together with Jacob. Isla is happy for her.
Sharon is waiting downstairs for Ben, who is in a meeting.
Luca is travelling to Italy in February, so he wants to revise some travelling-related phrases during next Italian lessons with Mia. He has been in Italy, specifically in Vatican, before. This time he wants to see the statue of David in Florence and Rome. Mia failed her driving test.
Complaints have been made about John and he will be made redundant. John should hand in his notice. Rick will give him good reference. They will meet on Wednesday.
Terry and Johnny are landing at 5 in Brisbane. Lisa will pick them up. Lisa has a lot of work recently because there was an invasion of jellyfish on Queensland's Gold and Sunshine coasts.
Peter can't talk now. Karen will call him in 30 minutes.
Hermoine will be Alba's life partner.
Luke and Jo inform Barb that Vietnamese spring rolls shouldn't be heated.
Olivia is looking for an internship. She would like to work in a big company. Martha's friend did an internship in LâOrÃ©al.
Gus saw Ann in Tesco today but was too shy to go over and say hello. She finds it silly.
Zack and Theo are taking the exam next week.
The weather in Warsaw is really nice. Leo and Rosanna can't wait for spring. It's Rosanna's favourite season.
Veronica likes the jazz songs Phillip sent her.
Eva has to cancel Thursday's lesson this week, because she lost her voice. Kaz will let Eva know when the lesson can take place next week.
May put off the vote on Brexit. Ryan explains some reasons why. The pound went down after the information.
Franco is from Italy. There's a football game between Juventus and Liverpool today.
Jim got the transfer from Don.
John, Pete and Paul's classes have been cancelled.
David from Poland helps out Pastor Samuel with a purchase of 100 bibles for poor families in India.
Teresa, Mary and Jeff are going to meet at Morne Trois Pitons National Park tonight.
Cora and Nelly are planning a surprise for Tom's 80th birthday. Nelly will meet Cora at 4-4:30 at their uncle's.
Jake will get white wine for his dinner with Natalie.
Bill will pick up Sean on Hilary's request.
Charlie and Veronica think Lisabeth looks great. Brad invited her for dinner for their second anniversary.
Tara's salary for this month has enterd in her bank account while Nina's still hasn't. Nina's going to ask her bank about the transfer on Monday morning.
On Lisa's request, Lucy will buy sushi for dinner.
There was a ferry accident from which only few people are rescued. It happened because the ferry was overcrowded.
Ally is on her way to the hotel. She met a woman during a dinner. George was watching Netflix.
Samuel is worried about bad mental condition among students. He advised the student that came to him to go to a therapy instead of psychiatrist.
Esther forgot her keys. Frank is not at home yet, he got stuck at work. Esther will wait at Lindsey's place.
Wendy took Rachel's watch without her permission.
Alan will buy eggs at Mia's request.
Amanda and Lizzy enjoyed Anne with an E. Lizzy likes it better than Anne of Green Gables from the â80s. Lizzy thinks Netflix will release the third series in 2019.
Jacub's divorce case is very bad as his wife wants all his money, using social media to gain sympathy. Rob suggests that Jacub should talk to a lawyer, and Rob can be a witness.
Marie is in Johannesburg with her daughter and son-in-law which she enjoys a lot. It's cold in Johannesburg. Marie's daughter has problems getting pregnant and she and her husband cannot afford every kind of fertility treatment.
Taylor left his power bank at Owen's place yesterday. He needs it now, but Owen's brother was using it and he's not at home now. Owen will bring his power bank to Taylor's house in half an hour.
Olivia is at the subway. Anthony has just ordered pizza, so he doesn't want Olivia to get him anything.
Angela has posted on the group chat by accident. Frank wants the details. Reggie suggests it's none of his business.
Alex picked up the cake 10 minutes ago.
John is currently in Poznan, but he lives in Warsaw, Poland. Jeanette is from Kokologo, Burkina Faso. John and Jeanette experienced droughts this year and their farmers made less food. Jeanette's dad fell off a dam when there was no water.
Caroline will be late from school. Caroline has to do a 2-hour chemistry experiment at school.
Sidney wants to go with Jordan's sister to a shopping mall. She is listening to songs now. Jordan will ask her to go with Sidney.
Loyd will follow Rachel and Mollyâs advice, and heâll invite a girl back to his house for a date.
Mike and Ian will have a cigarette after math.
Carrie invited Freddie and some other friends to play Munchkin. He works late, but they will wait for him. Freddie has a new expansion for the game.
Silvana met Elisabeth's daughters. They call her Silvanya.
Mercy wants Dineo to buy three embossed papers.
Joe's first day at work is going well, Heather has some tips for him.
Armani's gay friends from Brasil think about emigration because of the President Bolsonaro's policy.
Sabrina wants to buy a new case for her iphone. Ellie has recently bought one with glitter but Sabrina likes the one with animals more. She also needs to have a more serious case to use at work, but Rachel doesn't believe Sabrina can look serious at any time.
They are watching a game of soccer. The team is bad and the game, disappointing. David believes other sports than soccer should be promoted in the country.
Tim is reconsidering his plans for tonight because of snow.
Todd needs to send a big file but Google Drive is too slow. Steven suggests Wetransfer and it works better.
Milena, Tamara, Adam and John will buy the present at The Strand.
John is in the apartment 32 on the third floor. Chris is going to see him.
Graham is getting a new computer. Jasper will get his old one. Graham will come and drop it off later today.
Angella has a birthday. Angella and Taby used to write letters to each other and now they message twice a year. Taby is planning vacation in her hometown this summer. Taby will stay at her granny's but may stay over at Angella's for one day.
Jude will be at Sue's place at 7 to pick up the sofa. Sue sends him an address.
Jose passed his driving test.
Helena helped Camilla to find Marie's Facebook post.
Paula's computer froze while she was working on a very important document. She doesn't like the IT guy, so Richard will come and help her.
Poppy, Emily and Mia don't feel like working today byt they will.
Ronnie is a father-to-be. He's already had 4 beers today and will have another 3. Leon also will have 3 beers.
Pat thought that Wolf promised to buy Lennie winter Tyres but in fact he didn't. They were repaired from the family budget which Pat keeps forgetting to contribute to. Christmas and birthday presents for the children are not paid from the family budget, so Pat needs to buy them alone.
Sebastian and Tyler think Brooke is good in bed.
Another customer is looking at Randal in a funny way.
Toby finished renovating his house and everyone is excited about it.
Jeff hasn't read Barthes. Tommy says the French versions are difficult as well.
If Yaritza feels better, Kaelynn will call her.
Isabel and Alice decide not to meet this Saturday, since neither Kate nor Beth or Lily will be coming. They cannot make it next weekend, as it is Jimmy's birthday. Alice has classes till 8:30 on that evening and will not come to his place. Isabel will tell the girls they meet on January 16th.
Mary and Jose will try and find affordable holiday options. Condor has good offers but it is still difficult to find something below 700 euros.
Paula would be running this year, if she needed to, but she'll be happy to step aside, since Lucia and Mark were chosen as the new candidates.
Eliot hasn't been to South Africa nor has he read about it. Nadia will look it up on Google.
Rick picked a spy theme for his dramatic entrance.
Daniel can't open the Uber app. Installing it again solved the problem.
Timothy used the wrong fuel for the car, he forgot it's a diesel. He will have this fuel pumped out and the car checked at the station. Carol needs to get Macy to classes and then she will join Timothy.
Blanca is coming back from holidays in two weeks. She bought gifts for Johny and Pamela.
Last night's football match was great and a rematch takes place today. Dan is meeting with Henry and David at a pub, Tom will join them with Lauren.
Amanda just moved and might invite the gang over, including Nate.
Kerry and Olivia will meet at the hill near the playground because they're taking their kids sledding.
Daniel borrowed Lukas's bike without permission.
Oscar sent Regina the article about Down syndrome.
Mandy sends Adam a picture of a little pretty girl.
Derek and Mike will watch "The Wedding Planner" tomorrow at 10.30 a.m. They will meet at 10.00 at Derek's place.
Jen and Jo should put topics in the agenda for Monica's wedding.
Brenda is cold. Brenda wants to have tea. Horace thought it was the weekend, but it's Wednesday. Horace is having a drink.
Sean feels very good in Berlin. He likes it more than London. Anne will check the flights to Berlin.
Nina, Kate and Paul will talk about the landlord trouble today at 2 pm.
Luke revises Magdalene's paper as a favour to her.
Kate couldn't sleep. Jose slept until 10. Jordan has a horrible jet lag. Jose advises not to sleep during the day.
Jo sells a teenth for 20 at the moment. He will meet Joe at the cafÃ© at 7:30.
Fiona, Jack and Aaron want to go to Luke Bryan's concert.
Mark, Jess, Dee and Alex are meeting up at Craft Beers on Marszalkowska today. Kate will be late. Anne can't come due to tutoring.
Paul found a proper toner for Alena.
David is cooking curry but he's run out of coconut milk. He can't leave his sleeping son, Oliver. Chloe, Marcus and Bill can't do much to help him.
Paul found a proper toner for Alena.
David is cooking curry but he's run out of coconut milk. He can't leave his sleeping son, Oliver. Chloe, Marcus and Bill can't do much to help him.
Alex, Oscar and Monica are having a development meeting at 5.
Ana will have done the exercises and the listenings by tomorrow. Ana will also bring the cd player and meet with Keegan.
Professor Mary Auckland has sent a file to Christopher Lucas with an example of a well-structured MA thesis, as he has asked for it. They also wished each other merry Christmas and a happy New Year.
Kay is looking for her earring. She can make a photo of the other one to give a hint for the search.
The conversation is incomprehensible.
Joseph will be renting a flat from Mr. Fox. Mr. Fox used to teach him geography. The flat is close to the college and train station. Mother wants Joseph to visit her often. Joseph will send her photos of the flat.
Amelie won't come to Robin's birthday party because her parents asked her to watch her younger brother. They are scared after what happened by the Nowak's. Robin and Amelie will meet on next Friday.
John and Maria are in front of the buliding smoking. They will get back in 5 minutes.
Nicolas reminds Alex to look at the report. Alex asks for a deadline extension. Nicolas agrees.
Lisa needs a simple dinner idea to prepare instructions for her husband, because she has to stay longer at work today. He doesn't like seafood, meat and tacos.
Lori is at the unexpected meeting with her boss. Harry complains she's not available and suspects she might have an affair with him.
There was a problem at Bill's school concerning cut tires on students' and teachers' cars standing in the parking lot.  A student who failed finals, took revenge cutting tires on 11 cars, including all four on math teacher's car. They already caught him.
Luke's dog is sick. The vet has given it some pills. Luke melts them into the water to make the dog eat them.
Timothy's seen Julia and Josh together. Josh is homosexual but Victor's also seen him with Tailor the other day.
Scott found an offer for PS plus subscription 20% off. It's valid for 1 week. Thomas and Jed will buy it.
Martha checks if Agatha has any of her books. Agatha has Martha's 'fifty shades' and 'mackbeth'.
Rose sends Amelie an article from the Guardian that compares Europe nowadays to Europe in 536. Rose and Amelie find differences and similarities between the two ages. Rose suggests humanity keeps repeating the same stories.
Abbi and Dean watch Dr Who. They have a work due on Wednesday. Last weekend Abbi went to her swimming practice and her uncle's party. Dean was working.
It's the local election day. According to Vince, Andy and Simon, the winner should do something about the transport system and build schools.
Kris, impressed by Robbie's last board game night, will join it Friday night.
Peter is online and working at 3 am because of a deadline.
Juliette is meeting Jenny, Patty and Mark tomorrow at 1pm at Mamaleh's.
Anna has ordered printer cartridges for 150 PLN on Dan's request.
As regards tickets for Venom, Evelyn informs Ash that she should buy four such tickets, i.e. for Evelyn, Ash, Ginny and for Harry.
Allison will be late to a meeting with Jake.
Andy is waiting for Lucas at the airport. Lucas wants him to order a coffee.
Patricia and John went to the mountains but it wasn't that snowing there at that time. Now the situation might be dangerous. The current avalanche risk is high.
Paul sends Kim the list of exams: Monday 10am society, Tuesday 11 am government, Wednesday 10 history or 3 audio. They will study together tomorrow at 4 pm at Karma.
Mindy has a surprise for Diana.
Bart bough new door for his civic. He's going to ask a mechanic to fix it.
Grace will text Dan when she lands.
Saul has been showing the city to his sister. Maria will come over to drink some mojitos with them at 8 PM.
Libby wants to borrow notebooks from Lindsay. Lindsay agrees to borrow the notebooks after classes.
Nicole has bought something.
Donna is collecting things for winter for the homeless. Audrey is going to give Donna Mike's winter jackets and sweaters. Donna will collect things from Audrey and Tess on Saturday between 3-4 PM.
Tiffany can't decide if she could come back to Poland earlier from Italy.
Steph booked two seats in Laura's car going from Warsaw to Cracow on Friday around 5 pm.
Brad's dishwasher is broken. John suggests that he calls a mender.
Carla is waiting for an important package. Joanna helps Carla locate it. Carla provided Joanna her address information and a code.
Sally sent Dom a link to online resource of all the freedom of information FBI files. She found it today and is browsing it. Dom will start exploring it when he get's home from work.
Sebastian is in Berlin. Kate believes Emma, her supervisor, wants to control her.
Your_Health asked Tamara to record a vlog on salsa dancing. She accepted the challenge.
Tom decided not to go studying abroad. Victor's sister is thinking about it and he wants to help her make the right decision.
Patricia has to speak to Magdalene and Luis. They will meet at the Garden Pub at 7 p.m.
Martin's selling calendars of the company for 2 $ each. Lindsay will buy four. Morris will get two.
Heidi loves the hair conditioner that she got from Karla. Heidi is 28 and wants to dye her hair blue.
Joe recommends Primal Fear with Rechard Gere and Edward Norton to Ethan.
Berry is going to Iceland for 2 weeks.
Ryan and Oliver are going to meet at 9pm. They will leave for the airport around 4:30.
Jo needs new clothes for the function but Kate have already made the order online. Jo will come tomorrow to try on Kate's grey suit.
There's a final sale at Tommy. Also, the first purchase is 20% off. Faith loves the crop top, but is short on cash. She hopes to get some from her parents for birthday.
Daria hates math. Because of that, Daria hates her math teacher as well and compares her to a Nazi.
Tom's Facebook account has been hacked and has sent a virus to all his friends. Daisy has already opened it.
Judy will send the Current Affairs exam results to the secretary tomorrow morning on Purity's request.
Jane is updating her Tinder profile tonight and together with Shona they don't want to find another guy like John, who forgot Jane's birthday.
Fiona can't talk to Carol, because she's very busy. She promised to contact him tomorrow.
Michael is smoking weed. Bella wants to visit him.
Jill is angry about Tom leaving for work before she woke up. Tom promises that this is only because it is his first month on the job and the next month will be better. He will be back at 5.
Tamira's outfit for the birthday party is way over the top.
Marie is going to a wedding on Saturday. Ed and Hannah would love Marie to join them if she gets home on Sunday before 3pm. Marie will call Ed on Sunday.
Isabelle texted Mason instead of her maid. Mason will ask her to was Isabelle's clothes.
Irene is happy with the Grammarly app she installed thanks to Ben's suggestion.
Maya couldn't find the tape measure, because Dylan had put it in the kitchen in the tool drawer, which is the lowest drawer next to the fridge.
Martha's interview is being broadcast on CTV.
Fabiola is ordering food from Thai Delight. She'll order pad thai with tiger prawns and lemonade with basil seeds for Madison.
Andrew will come to Janny to check her gas meter at 2.45 today.
Peter will be coming back very late.
Ralph was caught fighting some boys at school and his teacher wants to meet Gale and Nick. This is the third time this week already. As Gale is busy at work, Nick will go to the meeting with the teacher.
Jeanette wants Victoria to go on karaoke with her. Victoria doesn't want to go at first, but Jeanette manages to convince her.
Robert hasn't eaten dinner yet. Mason has coupons for Pizza Hut. Mason and Robert will meet at Pizza Hut.
Kate does not want the kids to watch too much television. Mary is having dinner.
Zara is at Tesco and she'll buy some chocolate for Muhammad.
Dinah invited Elizabeth for the weekend. As Elizabeth has a dentist appointment on Friday, she will come with the kids on Saturday morning.
Margaret will buy a pair of scanty pants. Margaret can't afford any new clothes. She will wear one of her older dresses.
Jacob and Ava are going to have new neighbours. A guy and a woman with 2 kids are moving in the flat with the green door across the corridor.
The plant Jasmine gave Jude died.
Daisy studied at night. She postpones her meeting with Heather by 1 hour.
Danial is loyal to the following brands: Engine, Red Tree, Lewis, Gucci. Abigail is going shopping with family. Danial wants her to buy a small wallet in brown for him.
Livia would love to visit Chicco in Rome one day.
Ravi thinks he is a jerk because of the email he sent at 16.34.
Phillip met a girl. He will take her out. Elizabeth won't lend him her car.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Adam is going on a date with Debbie tonight and he is looking for an idea to do something unusual. Sean suggests taking her to the circus as he did with Jessica last year and Adam likes this idea.
Jacqui has an idea for a new website, a self-learning institute. Andy will write website architecture for him and provide hosting for the first year. It will cost between two and three hundred dollars. Jacqui is going to start a crowdfunding campaign.
Raymond reminds Reddington to pack documents up. They will have an interview.
Hannah is drunk. She met with her ex-boyfriend Jack.
Mia is complaining about the cold. Mia needs to buy gloves and warmer clothes. Ben thinks Mia should move to another country, like Spain.
Henry sent Beth a video to help her with preparing her presentation. Beth watched the video and is going to use some of the ideas that it talks about.
Mrs Woodson's going to buy 3 basketfuls from Mike, so he should give her a fair price.
Lindsey is going to Paris for the weekend with her lover.
Aidan invited Ashley for supper on Friday at 7pm. Ashley has to work, so she's not able to attend. Ashley will try to visit Aidan in Vancouver this summer.
Ash gets a lot of SPAM e-mails every day.
Ray and Alice will sort out their priorities and decide what to buy next. Ray is afraid of being fired.
Rosie's turning on the TV because Suits are on the air.
Evelyn and Chris are meeting up in the co-working space. Chris ordered Evelyn an irish creme coffee. He advised her to cut through the shopping mall cause of the sidewalks work.
Gina offered Rob a loan for his knee surgery, as the private one costs 5000.
Nelly sends her essay to Gina in order to help her deal with writer's block.
Brandon's brother has been texting Riley since morning. Riley hasn't replied.
Cate is looking for dark brown cloth for a suit. Trevor will take his measurements tomorrow once he comes to the shop. The suit will be ready on Tuesday.
Frederick's uncle died in a car crash. His funeral is at 5 PM.
Ela was on a business meeting in Warsaw and missed her flight to Poznań. Ela will wait for the next flight, which is in 3 hours.
Brian will give Taylor a ride to the library tonight. Taylor's toyota did not start this morning and it probably cannot be repaired.
Wanda asks Jackie for advice what to buy him form Valentine's day. Jackie suggests sports stuff and the idea of a soccer jersey wins.
Lena needs a mixer, but Gus only has a blender and an eggbeater.
Mark dislikes The Picture of Dorian Gray. Anthony needs to read it for an art project. Mark will lend the book to Anthony.
Adam will not keep Phil's dog at his place because he is allergic.
Andrea will let Belle know how the date went.
Peter's son broke his arm horseriding. Peter takes a week of sick leave.
Blake and Pat look good on the photo together. It had been taken before Pat twisted her ankle.
Daryl. Jo and Lou discuss addiction to games. Jo plays once or twice a week for 2-3 hours. Lou plays every day, but he doesn't feel addicted.
Sofia got a mysterius letter and is too scared to open it.
Today some idiot called the municipal police and they chained Charlie's car for a parking offence.
Jenson is late with his project. He had to face many obstacles. He is scared of Franklin's reaction. Molly will help him tomorrow afternoon.
Alexander is looking for a good product designer. Cindy's friend is a product designer. Cindy sends Alexander a link to his website.
Margo'd rather Mark didn't go to the poker night at Brian's this Saturday, but Mark convinces her. She wants to pick up Mark afterwards.
Papi used Jolene's new peeling. It's cheap and has a nice smell. You use it twice a week. There is shower gel of the same fragrance. Papi will buy it together with an eyeliner for Jolene tomorrow.
Julia is coming over to Roman's as his parents are not home.
Amanda's writing the thesis about the happiness policy of Bhutan.
Jane wanted to go out on Friday. Amber will be back by 8 so that Marvin can go to the gym.
Barb and dad want to talk to Jason when he gets home. Bark wants to know when Jason is coming home. Jason doesn't want to come home.
Jake will probably hand in his essay 2 days after the deadline. His grade will be lowered by 1 percent per each day of delay. Jonas has finished his essay.
Ellie is curious whether she wears too much makeup. Susan reckons she overdoes it sometimes. Ellie is confident and doesn't care.
Katherine Dome got invited by Lucas Sally to an interview this week. Her availability to participate in the project is 30 hours per week.
James and Abby meet in Bella Italia at 7 PM.
Tonny hates his job and wants to quit. He was given a horrible project at the last minute.
Terry will have to take a bus, because Mum has to be at school at 7:30.
Jamie tells Pierce off for smacking Beth's ass last night in front of everyone. Pierce was drunk, he'll apologise to Beth.
Fiona and they had two ambulances come in at 2 a.m. and at 4. a.m. She has now back pain. Owen will message it for Fiona later.
It is 1 am in London.
Jack asks Thomas to buy butter, he's making a mushroom soup.
Kinga didn't sleep well because of a headache. She is better now. Jacek slept great, but had to get up early. Kinga's package hasn't arrived yet. Kinga will ask about it at the courier's office today.
Teresa wants to know who is going to Boston for the conference. Molly has missed the deadline, so she cannot join. Alphonse and Terry are going there. Theresa, Alphonse, Marion and Josh will meet in Boston on Friday. Alphonse and Teresa are staying at Marriott, Terry is staying at a friend's place.
Air transport is the fastest method of travel in Laos but it can be expensive. Buses are also available but the roads are in a bad condition. Trains are not available.
Teresa wants to know who is going to Boston for the conference. Molly has missed the deadline, so she cannot join. Alphonse and Terry are going there. Theresa, Alphonse, Marion and Josh will meet in Boston on Friday. Alphonse and Teresa are staying at Marriott, Terry is staying at a friend's place.
Air transport is the fastest method of travel in Laos but it can be expensive. Buses are also available but the roads are in a bad condition. Trains are not available.
Alex is shocked that 1 in 5 people suffer from depression. Emma thinks that people do not always realise that they have depression. Mark states that people ignore this problem. In Nancy's opinion people should talk openly about depression.
Andrew explains to John and Brett why the mechanics are the most complicated part of a jrpg game. Andrew is surprised by the way fights are executed in the game.
Sebastian owes Anthony 42 euros. He will transfer the money in the evening.
Hernandez has eaten a lot and he's full.
Jodie watches "Killing Eve" with Sandra Oh. Jodie and Ben will binge watch it.
Kate and Tom went back home at 4 after a crazy party. George fell asleep at midnight.
Kate had the meeting with the bachelors today. She was talking about managing unpredictability in the field. The students liked the topic and they wanted to know more about field research.
Carlie's child just walked a few steps today, Rylen's is still on the bed, but says "mama" and "dada". Carlie's child eats Cerelac and bananas.
Karissa is watching the Millionaires and John is watching Prince is right. After the show, John will pick her up and they will go to McDonald's. John hasn't eaten since breakfast and he will have a Big Mac combo. On their way, Karissa will pick up some notes from Lauren.
Lori has no electricity but everything's fine at Bee's. Lori will have to call them.
Harriett, Tony, Nina and Tina are meeting this evening. Tony has to change the reservation because Tina will bring someone with her.
Beth did her nails at Ali Nail Art. Gemma, Jennifer, Holly, Tracy and Claire love them.
Rachel and Kendall are going Christmas shopping on Wednesday.
Mark is sending Lessie schedule for next semester.
Larisa hates her. Olena will come for Larisa.
Alan sent the proposal to the promotions team as Grant wanted. Grant suggests Allan to continue promoting his college and distributing the flyers.
Kent is stuck in traffic but should be home by 7pm.
Rodney asks Walt to recommend some good books. Walt has recently read Conqueror by Conn Iggulden and he can recommend it to Rodney. Apart from that, he's read a biography about R.A. Dickey. Walt has Conqueror and R.A. on his kindle. He will bring it to work tomorrow.
Erik will have to wait for Mckayla for 5 or 10 minute as she is running late.
Kelly and Brenda thinks Amy's hair is horrible. Kelly wants red hair but will wait for a while as she would have to change the wardrobe.
Donatella will buy cheap fat milk for Vanessa and vegan milk in glass for Cam.
Someone left a hair straightener behind at Josh's. Hannah is fine with Melanie taking it. Melanie can get one in October. Josh will put it in the car for the highest bidder.
Diego will pick up Ellie's mail today after 5 and will put it in a mail box.
Rex is recovering after the visit at the vet's. Karina and Aubrey hope he'll get well soon.
Bailey had an interview with the same owner at the same place Lilly did last year. There was a cat and a dog there. The owner wasn't nice. Bailey is on her way to meet Lilly and sees two more dogs. It is warm and Lilly's wearing too many clothes. She is walking over to meet Bailey at the entrance.
With Michael's help, Mary managed to finish new york times puzzle.
Luke will visit Andy to play the new Assassin's Creed.
Annette will tell Bry tonight what she has decided about her life.
Ben and Mario are going to the concert at 7.
Zac and Jeff would like to go for the new Spiderman with Martha. Mary is not keen on joining them.
Gloria, Lily, Kitty and Mary are meeting in the library later to study for the test. Mary will be late.
Gemma will help Carmen later.
Barnaby, Lindsey and Gerard think of playing volleyball together one day.
Tony wants to get back home from the city centre but the underground is not working. Austin is going to pick Tony up from the Spire.
This weekend Wendy is very lazy because she worked hard at work, and Angela is meeting Chris. Simon is chilling in the garden and painting his cupboards green. Next week, Ben, Angela, Chris and Wendy will visit him in his new apartament.
Joe is going shopping tomorrow. Otherwise Sue will be mad at him for not getting her a gift for her birthday on Saturday. Joe and Patty decide that earrings within the range of $500 would be the best gift for Sue. Patty can help Joe pick them out.
Cristi will come back home after exams, probably in 2 weeks. It's just 1 year until she gets her degree. She and her dad miss each other.
Sonia instructs Kate how to teach a guy respect for her time.
Grayson did not sleep last night because of the barking.
Linda enjoyed a horror movie Hereditary. Linda moved to a new place from Ballina yesterday. She's been looking for properties at Terania Creek where Duncan lives. Linda had dinner with Sammy and Ruth last night. Linda will organise a BBQ for Andrei and their friends.
Nancy regrets not taking part in Daniel's seaside trip. She will let Daniel know when she is free.
Celeb wants to play Fortnite with Nathan, but Nathan has to prepare for a math test the next day. Celeb doesn't like maths and is not happy with his math teacher. He likes his school because it has the best basketball program. They will play online tomorrow night.
Chris' phone is too old and he needs a new one. Paul will find a phone for Chris.
John will get a take-away.
Attila wants to buy underwear as a birthday present for his girlfriend but does not know her size. Baldar suggests that he should buy size D.
While training for a run, Sam's pulled his muscle. He's taking part in a run because he lost a bet.
Mila had to refuse Keira's invitation. She wants to meet with Keira soon.
Phil is busy, he will talk to Annie later.
Mary finished watching Game of Thrones today and shares it with Laurel. Laurel's favorite character is Cersei  and Tyrion. Mary's favorite character is Arya, although she usually does not like child characters.
Brittany's mad at her new assistant who booked a meeting with the head of brand for next week instead of for tomorrow. John is surprised over her calling the assistant an idiot and suggests she's kinder to people.
Kris is in South Africa.
Matt has had a tough time recently and he's tired.
Emily will be late, as she forgot her notes. Julie will save Emily a seat.
Jennifer offers Seraphine and Dominicque watching a movie together tonight. Dominicque suggests watching 'me before you' and decides to download it.
Liam has conveyed Lora's message to Lily.
Alan is still sore from the last time so is not going to the gym tonight. He thinks he will be fine for Friday and will meet John then.
Steven's dog ate Kimberly's new shoes. This is not the first time the dog destroyed something. They think they should take the pet to the behaviorist as it is uncontrollable.
Pedro took TOEFL 5 times already, but he didn't manage to get a good score. Kamil took it once. His score was enough for him.
Jennifer and Jessica are both going to Patty's birthday party. They are meeting tomorrow at Mandy's at 6, to buy gift for Patty.
Anna will wait inside for Kate, who is late as she had to wait for the bus.
Alex will come over to Mia's around 7.
Phil will need to pay for all of the damage because he didn't get a damage waiver, as Grace stated.
John wants to buy a cross trainer but he has both a limited budget and space for it. His friends advise him to invest in more expensive machine if he's determined to achieve his goals.
Chris and Phil are getting some beer at the bar at 8.
Damian's got a flat tyre on the corner of Collins and Flinders St. Jim will grab a spare tyre from his garage and will come to help him.
Denise is at the training from 1pm to 9pm. Kian is surprised it takes so long. She will cook something because Denise is hungry.
On Channel 4 there is an interview Freddie had a few weeks ago. Evelyn is not at home so she can't watch it, but it will be available on the internet.
Heidi sends Isla a group composition which she did for Music GCSE. Isla considers Heidi very talented in music. Isla does not remember much from Music GCSE.
Agnes is going to the cinema in the weekend with Lucy and Rosie to see "Chef Flynn". Andy will join them.
Laura reminded Makayla when the deadline is on Makayla's request.
Bret was sick last week and hit a deer with his truck which cost him a lot. Daisy is working and saving money. Daisy is going to a concert this weekend. Daisy hasn't dyed her hair in 12 weeks. Daisy and Bret used to dye Bret's hair themselves.
Sheila has sent Larisa the picture of that dress.
Michael used a wrong window.
Samantha circulated Kate's pictures at the university. Kate is angry and blocks Samantha.
Jesse is getting married next year.
Amber had a fever last night. She is taking home-made remedies. Amber hasn't seen the doctor yet, but she will.
Laura can leave at 2. She will meet Kate downstairs in 10 minutes. They will go for drinks.
Sharon needs a bike pump. Dorothy had a bike accident. They need to fix a tire.
Tony is quite satisfied with his job.
Jake and Suzanne are going to join Josh at Sears.
Aretha will get Arabella two pairs of black stockings, size M from Misty's magazine when she's there in the next few days.
Iga recommends some tv shows to Simone.
The band Dreamcatcher are making a comeback at the end of this month. Randy and Brian are fans of them.
Zoe's friend called Jonathan last night and asked him to get that guitar for him.
Tina wants a recipe tor vegan gluten-free cookies. Donna sends her a link,
John will be working his second week off. Al is visiting his parents-in-law. Al will write some sheets for the revision material. John will put a good word in for Al.
Emily needs some time before she's ready to leave. Carol will be outside.
Ross is packed and ready to head out to Sara. He will take a break if he feels tired.
Griff and Tea will meet in 10 minutes to have a walk in the park.
Sonia will go and work in Keep Calm cafe as Carioca is quite far away.
Tim has a lot of work now. His teammate resigned so they have to temporarily do his job. That's why he didn't talk to his parents for the last two weeks. They're planning to eat out on Saturday. Claude, his dad, is going to ask his wife and get back to him.
Sam is feeling better now. Nel's day was fine.
Louise asks George for help with getting to the office because she forgot her access badge.
Romeo is at a party in Reims. Paul will be spending this weekend at his girlfriend's. Romeo and Paul will not be in the same group on Monday. Paul will be staying at his grandma's then.
In Spain, Ezra is partying and sightseeing instead of doing his research.
Becky didn't like Stranger Things.
Anna was singing a song in the class. Stefan was singing the same song before her.
Kim has invited Jennifer to an Imagine Dragons concert in Prague. She is going to tell her how much the tickets cost.
Albert and Leo are interested in a FB event involving drinking beer and stand up.
Clara, Suzanne and Jennifer have a home assignment for literature for tomorrow. They forgot, and are going to call in sick.
Sandra suggests Matija to try meat pie today. Ivan and Boris find it good.
Melissa, Connor, Lucia, Chris and Frankie are going to the lake tomorrow, they are starting at 1pm, except of Frankie, she leaves at 2. Melissa told Frankie to bring blankets only, they will have barbecue at the spot. Frankie is also bringing the speaker.
Violet saw CB special last night.
Victor made his first steps. He will be 10 months old in a week.
Nick has downloaded the movie on Powell's request.
Michael publishes on Facebook terrible political comments and fights with people in comments. Reese has known him since they were little. She will not unfriend him, following Nora's advice.
Pat will make some pasta for dinner for Brad and Mary.
Megan wants to buy a jump rope to get back into shape. Mia advises her to buy it at Decathlon and to go practice in the park nearby.
Ollie can't find the store. He needs Jake's help with that.
Ginny is afraid of darkness and she cannot enter her house because Dan switched off the lights. Dan will join her shortly.
Jessica had a fight with Mark. Fiona does not have a spare bed for her because her sister is staying with her. Jessica will sleep at John's place.
Shirley asked Blake about his sister's trip around Europe. Blake reported that she's fine and, unlike him, she loved being on the move.
It's foggy this morning. Rose got out of bed an hour ago to get ready for work. David doesn't want to get up. David and Rose will see each other at work.
Jessica had MRI. She has an appointment with a neurologist on Friday. She has some head related problems.
Nav slept well. Ria had a tiring day doing housework.
Next week Raoul and Janice will bring a cake and introduce themselves to the new neighbours that are now moving in. They are a young couple around Raoul and Janice's age.
Berry can't meet Suzie today because he has a headache. She has to work late. They will meet some other time.
Angela is amazed by Joan's look on the photos from the party. Joan recommends using the right beauty products like primers and setting spray.
Mary's problem is that her period has been irregular lately. Mary hasn't told about that to a doctor yet as she's afraid that the doctor'll tell Mary's mother that she's been deflowered.
Rich will pick Helen up tomorrow at 5, and he will take her to the vet.
Paula, Liam, Hector, and Oscar want to camp the first night in the mountain hut on the Western path.
Tom has a problem with number 6 in his homework. It turns out it's optional, so he goes to Frank to play Gods of War.
Lisa wants Meredith to call her.
Audrey and Tom are going to meet at the airport. Tom is worried that Audrey is not going to be there on time.
Today in California 12 people have been killed in a shooting. The suspect is a 28-year-old veteran. Mass shootings happen often in the US due to lax gun laws. Lawmakers don't do much to change it. California's governor ordered flags to be flown at half-staff.
Sara will be late, she's stuck in traffic.
Matt will be 10 minutes late. Hilary is going to be there even later.
Bob is very excited because his wife has just given birth to their children.
Nancy wants to know which social media to use for her business. Vix proposes using Facebook, Instagram and Twitter and Phil using the same post all over in order to save time.
The breakfast is ending in 20 minutes. Paul just woke up and Jenny is coming.
Cecilio and Lynn find the little skates dangerous, while Loan, Hazzard, Bongo, Ngoc and Sami think it's worth trying.
There is new management team in Lydia’s and Frank’s workplace. They are all men.
Sarah is planning a party. Adrian helps her with figuring out the food. Glen and Marty are vegetarian. Adrian will look at catering options. Sarah will cover the decorations. Sarah will take Danny from the kindergarten.
Samuel proposed Nolan to meet but Nolan was busy taking Lauren to the airport.
Nina and Max have lots of plans for tonight, so they think of skipping the visit at Nina's parents even though Max promised Nina's dad some help with the computer. Max will leave Nina at Monica’s, so she can get her nails done and he will go help Dan move by himself.
Filmore, Gibson, Pascal and Beck have 800 to spend. Gibson would like to buy t-shirts for all. Pascal and Beck think they should go for drinks instead.
Paul, Zac and Edward are working on the 31st of December. All consider this workday unproductive. Zac gets off work at 3. Paul has to stay until 5.
Lucas' sister will take Malin to the airport at 4:30.
Bailey complains with the seller about the quality of the item he bought. Its stitching is getting loose. Alison processes his grievance and has a replacement sent to him. He does not have to send back the faulty item and will receive a new one in 2 days.
Barbara can't go to the Karaoke with Umer tonight but agrees to go to the cinema with him and watch the new Queen film instead. Umer'll buy tickets online and he'll pick Barbara up at seven o'clock.
Jared thinks Slavs use too much alcohol.
Nancy will come over to Flo's for dinner on the 21st. Nancy needs a new evening dress for the gala. They will meet next Saturday in that new place everyone is talking about for lunch then go shopping.
Adrew had to mute his notifications as he was on a meeting. Nick and Adrew will meet at 9.
Gareth declares that he'll explain Felix's absence in tomorrow's class with Mr. Smith.
Hank will come to Nia's place in 30 minutes to see them.
Mia left to buy some beer. She met Ethan, they went for a couple of drinks. Owen has been waiting for her for 2 hours. Mia will come back in 30 minutes.
It's Saturday. Bert is playing Fallout with his brother, Minnie studies. Johann has a new deck. They set up a meeting after Minnie's classes.
Today is the deadline. JP forgot about it and he's in trouble now.
Jasmine is a Starbucks on Regent's Street while Martin and Robert are at Starbucks on Mill Street.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Sam is too lazy to go to the gym with Bill.
Cillian and Iris have a PE class with Mr Ross tomorrow. Mr Ross made Cillian run 5 extra laps yesterday.
Jack is coming home. Dolores has an appointment set but she left him a lasagne in the fridge.
Cathleen has a date with her boyfriend, so she and Nicole won't have a girls night tonight.
Jayden will download a Star Wars movie for Olivia.
Sandra met Matt at Anna's birthday party yesterday. She doesn't want to run into him again.
Paige is falling asleep and wants to finish tomorrow. Jacob wants to continue for 30-60 mins so they are done. Oliver suggests it's not productive and wants them to be ready   tomorrow morning.
Kade doesn't want to lend his controller to Sash. But Kade is willing to sell and old one to Sash.
Sue and Paul's dad has some problems with legs. Sue did some supply teaching work last week in Swansea and has an interview next week in a new school in Port Talbot. Paul saw Russell Howard in Birmingham last weekend and Sue saw Bohemian Rhapsody. Paul will probably visit for Christmas next.
Rachel didn't have time to wash Preston's blue shirt. Preston will probably wear the grey one.
Gina and Arnold are going to the gym before going away for the weekend. They will have breakfasts at their place and drink and dine in pubs. Arnold likes meat very much.
Marie's afternoon will be less crammed. Marie and Scott will think over gifts for the staff tomorrow morning between 9 and 9:30.
Alex will show Kai how to change the strings today.
Ann has already checked-in.
It's Mary's birthday soon. Tom, Karen, Henry and Mike are chipping in for a gift for her.
Grayson got the job. He starts next Monday. He'll call his parents. Nancy congratulates him on the job.
Joseph, Gabriel and Alonzo are playing a game.
James needs a date for a wedding this weekend, he asked Nicky or Carrie to join him. Nicky is going to go to the wedding with him.
Jim still hasn't received an answer.
Sarah cannot drive.
Theresa is at the airport, her vacation has already finished. She had a good time and forgot about her work.
Rick and Will are planning to go to Vienna before Christmas, and they need more people to pay less for gas.
Josh got a job contract, lasting until the end of the year. It's the company which had employed him earlier as an intern.
Jamal lost power for a couple of hours due to the storm last night. Carrie has power but a tree fell down last night. Jamal's yard is a wreck. Carrie wanted to go for a walk today.
Saige decides to start to read books. Donte advises her "Hundred heroes". He sends it to her via internet. She will start the book tomorrow. Today she's tired.
Bella needs Jacob's help for her interview tomorrow.
Joanne made dinner for Phil and is waiting for him. Phil is going home.
Ines lost her wallet.
Gwen shares the trailer with Pamela and Tim. Pamela is looking forward to seeing the film.
Tina is on beach holidays in winter. There is a bad weather where Judith is.
Jason has just bought tickets to a concert, he and Ashley will attend. They have good places.
Paul has just landed. Peter instructs him to go to the shuttle bus that will take him to the railway station. The bus ticket can probably be bought from the driver. Paul will let Peter know when he's on the train.
Ursula is unable to open the door, because the key doesn't work. Craig will come down and help her.
Matt keeps on sending Kat photographs of his penis. She tells him to stop. He thinks he is being nice, she disagrees.
Cora, Francis and Kevin will go out to eat.
Fred is browsing real estate offers. Reynold advises Fred that he should carefully check the apartment before buying it.
Freddie, Ian, Leslie and Colin will visit Lorne in the hospital on Saturdat at 11. They will bring her a signed get-well-card and presumably something to read.
Wandy thanks Alice for the night. They will do the same the next day.
Fay is taking orders for the new calendars. Olivia and Nate are interested. Mike is not.
Noelle is having salmon with vegetables. She likes it. Danny loves salmon.
Alex is supervising students who started preparing conference rooms and she's satisfied so far. Professor Johnson will not take part in the conference due to health issues, so Alex will read his paper at the conference.
Sam will buy some paper towels and soap upon Virginia's request.
Frankie burnt dinner that Rose left, but he's already ordered Rose's favourite pizza.
Greg is running late and it's snowing. Isabel will ask Sam to help her shovel before Greg gets home.
Joan invites Chantal and Geoffrey to her place tomorrow to celebrate the referendum results.
Barbara wants to invite her parents to a restaurant to celebrate her promotion. Taylor recommends an indian place. Barbara's parents wouldn't like it. Taylor suggests a mediterranean restaurant near Galeria MokotÃ³w. Barbara is enthusiastic about the idea.
Burrows told Maya's mother that Maya was punished at college. She will have to do better at her studies now.
Isaac has just finished work. He will pick up some dinner and come to Khadija soon.
Charlotte has a cough. Natasha had a safe trip.
Michael presents a product which is a terminology database containing more than 8.5 million terms. It costs 49.9 dollars per month. Michael is sending the offer to Lucas.
Wyatt won 4 to 1 with Logan. Sadie congratulates him.
Timothy walked a long way to get a pizza for Issac because the previous pizza place was closed. Issac is very hungry.
Helga has time on Saturday, but Johannes is out of town this weekend, so he can't join the meeting which Helen proposed.
Sixte will work on Joly France this summer. Caroline will rent Sixte a room.
Isaac and Wendy will go to Ikea on Friday after 2 pm to buy pillows and eat something.
Manchester city lost on the weekend although they had many shots on target.
Leo feels guilty about his car breaking down in the snow, so he apologized to Cindy.
Peter, is watching live leak and Natalie doesn't like it.
Brian caught a big fish, but didn't have it stuffed because his wife doesn't like fishing. They froze what they didn't eat.
Jerry asked Bianca out yesterday. Hellen is very excited about it. Bianca is going to tell Hellen how their date went.
Ella will be late.
Debbie weren't at the meeting today. She had a call from a new client. Meredith went out yesterday night with Annie and Melanie and she meta very handsome man, Sam. Meredith is having a dinner with him at The Three Forks.
Amanda hates her boss because he is not fair with her.
Jim had a talk with Ben, who proposed him to go to Equatorial Guinea. Jerry received the same offer. The company got a licence and they will do a big project there.
Don is making chicken with veggies for dinner. Margaret can make pancakes with Nutella for desert. Maya will get the Nutella.
Oscar and Mia are presenting in one panel tomorrow. Mia wanted to be there at 10. Mia and Oscar will share a taxi.
Romualdo starts his new job as a happiness manager next week.
Jeff's car crashed into wall. Hans says Jeff will have to pay up to Â£5000. Angelo and Andrew were in the car too, so they want to share this expense. Mario thinks Jeff should try getting some money from the company.
Joan left David because the relationship burnt up.
Rob will join Bob, Tim, Ann and John for a games night tonight around 7.
Raphael, Carlos and Faith are planning to go sailing this summer. Raphael and Carlos have sailing experience. Faith doesn't. Raphael, Carlos and Faith are considering sailing the Mediterranean near Balearic Islands or Greece.
Tim found the keys he had actually put in his pocket.
Emily passed her driving test on Tuesday. Rachel's driving test is next Wednesday.
Cris is at the store. Eve wants him to buy some Advil.
Peter is asking Diana if she wants to go eat with him. Diana is suggesting a new restaurant at Elm Street, a place where Peter also wants to go. They both will meet there at 4.
Barb burnt Bob's sweater while trying to light up fireworks last year. She found indentical sweater on the internet and she wants to give it to Bob in person. Barb learns that Bob got married last month, so she abandons her idea.
Victoria's brother and Will's parents voted in favor of Brexit.
Sandra and her fiancÃ© are going to a barbecue party at her parentsâ house. She also invited Jerry with his new girlfriend that she's dying to meet.
Patricia and Tom are expecting a baby after months of trying and despite their active lifestyle.
Tommy is worried that Los Angeles Lakers won't make it to the play-offs. He thinks that one player won't win the whole tournament for the team, and that they really struggle with injuries this season. Ethan thinks they should still have faith and cheer on their favourite team.
Charlotte likes Tom but Emily isn't sure about him. Tom asked Jane out yesterday. Jane thinks he's handsome and wants to give him a chance.
Karl and Charles have seen the new Marvel movie. Karl liked it very much, while Charles thinks it's overhyped. Carla and Cara haven't seen it yet, so they're going to go and watch it together. Charles recommends going to the cinema to see "Star Wars", Cara â the new Trier movie, Karl â "Logan".
Maria and Lia are too tired to come to the reception party, but Maria feels it's important. Lia avoids networking.
May and Jack are having a baby. May's four months pregnant and she feels fine. They don't know the sex yet, but they thought about the names for the child. It will be Julia or Robert, depending on its gender.
They are having fun at Hue's birthday party. Katherine forgot about it and cannot join because she is going to drive to Jersey now.
Mr. Raffles will come over tomorrow to fix Jason's shower.
Joanna and Wyatt will meet to make a pom pom and drink a cup of tea.
Leo is looking for a babysitter for the summer. He will be alone with 3 kids and the baby. Clem passes his cousin's contact. He texted her. Leo will call her tonight.
The class went for a school trip today. Ben and Ricky hadn't paid, so they didn't go. Polly has totally forgotten about the trip and she doesn't even know whether her mother paid for it.
Oti might come to Ally's dinner on Saturday if he's feeling better.
Tom and Simon really regretted that Ben Affleck will no longer play Batman. They consider Nolan trilogy good but not in terms of Batman movies (maybe except for the first one). According to them, nothing beats the animated series though.
Sylvia accidentally bought the tickets for Spiderman at 6.30.
Robert received money Meg transferred. Robert has already wrapped the gift so it's ready.
Neville is in a little village. He wants that he and Mariner get a talented child, a violinist, out of the little village.
Matt wants to visit Kaitlyn in July but he doesn't want to spend a lot on flights.
Ula is on the dean's roll.
Val watched Bohemian Rhapsody and said it's fantastic.
Nicky went to a party when Phil was away and didn't tell him. She spent 3k, for 1000 she bought things for home.
Richard is thinking about moving back to Byron next year. Richard wants to visit 1st week of December but Susan asks him to pick a different date. Richard is busy with two jobs.
Archie got a job at the hardware store.
Richard is thinking about moving back to Byron next year. Richard wants to visit 1st week of December but Susan asks him to pick a different date. Richard is busy with two jobs.
Archie got a job at the hardware store.
Anton has a room in Warsaw to offer. The rent is 400 PLN a month. Clem isn't sure whether he will take it. When he writes to Anton the second time, the room is no longer available.
Des East's last girlfriend tried to get out of the car while it was moving. Des wanted to rescue her, but she attacked him. Sue doesn't want to call Des, so Jason will do that.
Carl is in his uncle's will so he may come into a lot of money. Carl will probably find out this week. Lewis will keep his fingers crossed and will talk to Carl later.
Dean and Larry are going to have a beer today.
Mark and Adam love Dizzy's last video.
Rita is not enjoying her stay in Canada and is looking forward to coming home next week.
The last e-mail from Katy informs that they raised the target to 30. Terry's team is upset. The target was 17 five months ago. It was raised to 25 two weeks ago. Terry and Mike's performance was better than expected. There are people who struggled to meet the last target.
Eva is fine and Lucas has a lot of work.
Ellie has ordered some books for school and she has to be at home waiting for the parcel. Dad will be late. He will buy some milk and potatoes.
Bill got a dent in the parking lot. Somebody probably hit his car with a shopping cart. Bill saved about $40, but fixing the dent will cost him about $160.
Jannet can't understand how a video from West can be so popular and make so much money. Jenny agrees.
Well preserved frescos were found in Pompeii, Italy. Aron and Alice like the frescos.
Dave and Howie are meeting for spliffs and Netflix. Howie will get some snacks on his way to Dave's.
Eloise and Phil want Rick to build a miniature train track running around the garden in a circle for their grandchildren. They want their fantasy garden and they don't mind the cost. Rick will bring the 3D digital schematic on Tuesday at 2 pm.
Lucy will borrow Tom's car today. Then she'll drive to the store and buy a chest of drawers for her room.
Kim ate Trudy's yoghurt. She'll buy another one.
John and other guys were busy this week. Mark will ask if the other team is free this weekend to play a match.
Two people died in an accident on Wide Street.
Randy wanted to meet with Bartek at 7 p.m. halfway between the suburbs and the central station. Bartek did not know that Randy has a boyfriend. Randy wanted to go with her boyfriend at the meeting. Bartek was surprised by that and decided not to meet at all.
Oprah wanted to know if Michelle likes surprise parties. She doesn't.
Rayburn organises a night of scrabble tomorrow. Tyson will join, but won't play. There'll be up to 8 players, 4 games, the winner gets a bottle of borze.
Jason is in charge of the karaoke this year and wants to make a list of songs. Grace wants Disney's songs, Harry- The Beatles, Jane- Spice Girls, Celia- Hozier and Adel, Fran- the songs from Hamilton, Albert- baby got back, Charlie- fleetwood mac the chain and Ginny- jazz classics.
Josh offered Peter a big rise and a transfer to another office in Angola. Peter is seriously considering the offer.
Polly needed help updating Flash Player to watch "The Stranger Things". She got help from Filo.
Eve is going to the pub tonight.
Caleb needs to find an apartment. His recent flatmate is negligent of hygiene. Logan knows a girl who is looking for a flatmate. Caleb used to find his flatmates on Craigslist.
Ashley and Brody are studying for economy exam. Brody will study tomorrow. They skipped some chapters. Ashley got her graph wrong, Brody's was correct.
Tom would like a female severum to accompany his male. Angela has not got any big enough, but can grow one ready for in 6 months. Angela invites Tom for tomorrow to discuss payments.
Jimmy and Tina had to adapt to new circumstances in a new place. Tina's longest relationship was two years.
Jasmine reminds Sienna what the door code is again.
Sean moved out of town. He is satisfied with his new job.
Edward took Hannah's shawl by accident last night.
Lane and Kristopher are arriving. Cortney is there already. Hailey is in a taxi on the bridge. Allison's not ready because she's mistaken the dates. Hailey will pick up Allison in 10 minutes. They will all meet in 30 minutes.
Today at Marshall's gym there was a substitute. She gave many new exercises. Normally, the instructor does squats, push ups, one type of swings and burpees.
Alice went to the police (probably) to give a report as she was robbed yesterday, but they did not want to help her. Then Alice tells Patrick more about the assault and wants revange on the Arabic guy who did it.
Madison had a fight with Grayson. He didn't want to talk about their future together, like having a family or children. Madison has polycystic ovary syndrome and she needs to get pregnant in two years time if she wants to bear a child.
Butch locked Kevin in the locker. Kevin is ashamed to tell his parents and he doesn't want to go back to school.
A new vegan restaurant is being opened next Wednesday. Camille and Miranda are going to have dinner there on Saturday.
Vick and Ian are going to play basketball. Ian shoud come around the back because Vick's mom is in bad mood.
Amanda can't access the train website to buy a ticket. Jonathan will help Amanda.
Liz can't leave before 5 pm as Fat Hill is watching so will be home before 6. Liz isn't sure if she wants to go out. Liz and Peter will probably stay in watching Netflix. Peter has bought a bottle a of primitivo for tomorrow.
Peris want to start dieting. Omari has already been dieting for 2 months.
July won't come to Berlin on Saturday because she has to work.
Toby skipped school. The math class was cancelled. He will come to school tomorrow if he feels better.
Tom took Josh to the doctor and, as Riley said, Josh needs glasses.
Bart has sent Dean a picture of Mary from their primary school. She's attractive.
Daniel's new dog does not have a name yet. Daniel fears the dog will destroy things at home.
Todd, Dan and Tate will play a gig at The Rivoli in 2 weeks. They'll practice today at 6 in the rehearsal space of Lemonwood Rd. Todd can't bring is VOX amp, but he'll take his Road King.
Noah visits his grandma. Leo reminds him about bringing some good food from his grandma.
